नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी शांत during autumn , and it है snowy in april. the united states है usually chilly during july , and it है usually freezing in november. california है usually शांत during march , and it है usually hot in june. the united states है कभी-कभी mild during june , and it है cold in september. your least liked fruit है the grape , but my least liked है the apple. his favorite fruit है the orange , but my favorite है the grape. paris है relaxing during december , but it है usually chilly in july. नई जर्सी है busy during spring , and it है never hot in march. our least liked fruit है the lemon , but my least liked है the grape. the united states है कभी-कभी busy during january , and it है कभी-कभी warm in november. the lime है her least liked fruit , but the banana है my least liked. he saw a old yellow truck. india है rainy during june , and it है कभी-कभी warm in november. that cat was my most loved animal. he dislikes grapefruit , limes , and lemons. her least liked fruit है the lemon , but his least liked है the grapefruit. california है never cold during february , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in june. china है usually pleasant during autumn , and it है usually शांत in october. paris है never freezing during november , but it है wonderful in october. the united states है never rainy during january , but it है कभी-कभी mild in october. china है usually pleasant during november , and it है never शांत in october. the united states है never nice during february , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in april. india है never busy during autumn , and it है mild in spring. paris है mild during summer , but it है usually busy in april. france है never cold during september , and it है snowy in october. california है never cold during may , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in march. he dislikes lemons , grapes , and mangoes. their favorite fruit है the mango , but our favorite है the pear. france है कभी-कभी शांत during may , and it है never chilly in august. paris है never pleasant during september , and it है beautiful in autumn. he dislikes apples , peaches , and grapes. california है usually freezing during december , and it है busy in april. your most feared animal है that shark. paris है usually wet during august , and it है never dry in november. paris है usually beautiful during september , and it है usually snowy in november. the united states है never wet during january , but it है usually hot in october. we like oranges , mangoes , and grapes. they like pears , apples , and mangoes. she dislikes that little red truck. the grapefruit है my most loved fruit , but the banana है her most loved. france है snowy during may , and it है never busy in autumn. china है usually mild during winter , but it है never busy in february. china है never nice during july , but it है usually snowy in spring. california है busy during november , but it है rainy in autumn. china है warm during spring , and it है कभी-कभी cold in february. california है usually beautiful during winter , but it है never busy in february. france है wonderful during november , but it है कभी-कभी hot in september. india है usually pleasant during november , but it है never relaxing in july. the united states है never freezing during autumn , but it है never busy in june. paris है कभी-कभी warm during june , but it है usually hot in july. paris है never hot during summer , and it है usually mild in winter. she disliked a rusty yellow car. france है usually शांत during november , but it है कभी-कभी warm in february. नई जर्सी है never wet during november , and it है mild in august. we like peaches , pears , and strawberries. the orange है her least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है their least liked. china है never rainy during november , and it है शांत in january. china है relaxing during march , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in september. paris है wonderful during march , but it है usually pleasant in june. नई जर्सी है chilly during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in spring. california है never freezing during october , but it है usually शांत in june. नई जर्सी है freezing during winter , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in january. i like grapes , pears , and strawberries. the lemon है my most loved fruit , but the strawberry है our most loved. china है usually dry during march , but it है nice in november. paris है pleasant during december , but it है never nice in november. china है freezing during july , but it है relaxing in january. the apple है our least favorite fruit , but the orange है her least favorite. he dislikes grapes , grapefruit , and bananas. he dislikes apples , mangoes , and strawberries. china है hot during july , but it है never pleasant in january. india है usually dry during april , and it है freezing in february. she है going to the united states next summer. france है कभी-कभी rainy during february , and it है usually शांत in spring. i plan to visit california next may. california है never wet during november , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in september. they like lemons , limes , and grapefruit. the united states है never beautiful during march , and it है usually relaxing in summer. elephants were his most feared animals. the strawberry है their least favorite fruit , but the apple है our least favorite. they are going to france next june. he likes strawberries , oranges , and limes. california है never pleasant during winter , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in december. the apple है our least favorite fruit , but the mango है their least favorite. she likes strawberries , oranges , and bananas. california है beautiful during january , and it है pleasant in february. they dislike grapes , mangoes , and limes. she dislikes lemons , grapes , and oranges. our least favorite fruit है the banana , but your least favorite है the grape. california है never cold during december , but it है usually warm in may. california है never busy during february , and it है usually hot in june. the united states है कभी-कभी beautiful during november , and it है never rainy in march. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during march , and it है beautiful in fall. the grapefruit है our least favorite fruit , but the orange है your least favorite. i like grapefruit , limes , and pears. she dislikes lemons , strawberries , and grapes. paris है usually chilly during fall , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in july. she likes mangoes , apples , and bananas. she है driving the old yellow truck. we like peaches , mangoes , and oranges. नई जर्सी है usually शांत during fall , but it है usually warm in april. california है never rainy during winter , and it है usually mild in summer. california है कभी-कभी cold during winter , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in autumn. she likes lemons , pears , and oranges. we like strawberries , bananas , and oranges. india है never snowy during september , but it है कभी-कभी dry in spring. india है कभी-कभी rainy during january , and it है pleasant in february. paris है never relaxing during march , but it है usually freezing in autumn. india है chilly during summer , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in september. she likes peaches , limes , and mangoes. india है never chilly during october , but it है usually relaxing in november. i like peaches , grapes , and lemons. she likes mangoes , grapefruit , and pears. the united states है usually dry during winter , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in february. china है usually nice during april , and it है never snowy in august. she dislikes oranges and grapefruit. paris है कभी-कभी wonderful during autumn , and it है warm in november. the grapefruit है her least favorite fruit , but the banana है their least favorite. the grapefruit है his least liked fruit , but the grape है my least liked. paris है never busy during summer , but it है never freezing in november. china है कभी-कभी pleasant during march , but it है usually nice in may. india है कभी-कभी cold during march , but it है कभी-कभी hot in january. नई जर्सी है rainy during june , and it है कभी-कभी nice in november. the strawberry है his least favorite fruit , but the peach है our least favorite. paris है usually snowy during winter , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in august. france है never chilly during march , and it है wet in april. their least liked fruit है the banana , but her least liked है the peach. china है cold during fall , but it है usually relaxing in november. नई जर्सी है usually beautiful during april , and it है never relaxing in december. he dislikes grapefruit , mangoes , and lemons. नई जर्सी है usually freezing during november , but it है usually relaxing in autumn. the strawberry है my most loved fruit , but the lemon है her most loved. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during autumn , and it है wonderful in september. her most loved fruit है the lemon , but your most loved है the mango. the mango है your least liked fruit , but the apple है his least liked. the pear है my most loved fruit , but the lemon है his most loved. he drives a नई blue car. the united states है warm during spring , but it है wet in august. paris है usually freezing during october , and it है usually nice in april. the peach है your most loved fruit , but the banana है my most loved. you like grapes , peaches , and strawberries. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी nice during winter , but it है hot in spring. paris है usually beautiful during september , but it है usually busy in spring. china है usually snowy during autumn , but it है usually hot in may. that bird है her most feared animal. she dislikes apples , peaches , and bananas. i plan to visit california next october. you like limes , bananas , and grapefruit. paris है never शांत during spring , but it है usually hot in march. paris है rainy during winter , and it है कभी-कभी warm in april. you like pears , grapefruit , and limes. paris है warm during january , and it है rainy in october. france है कभी-कभी शांत during december , and it है never snowy in january. paris है कभी-कभी relaxing during summer , but it है usually mild in november. she likes bananas and grapes. the lime है her least liked fruit , but the orange है his least liked. california है never hot during fall , but it है usually relaxing in april. नई जर्सी है busy during december , and it है usually mild in august. china है never mild during april , and it है कभी-कभी wet in spring. the united states है never snowy during february , and it है usually pleasant in autumn. india है never dry during january , and it है never hot in february. paris है usually wonderful during autumn , and it है busy in spring. he likes pears , peaches , and lemons. paris है never cold during october , but it है relaxing in january. you like lemons , grapes , and bananas. she drives that little red truck. नई जर्सी है pleasant during fall , and it है usually freezing in winter. paris है usually rainy during december , and it है cold in winter. california है usually pleasant during september , but it है usually freezing in autumn. the pear है our least liked fruit , but the orange है their least liked. india है snowy during spring , and it है never busy in january. i dislike strawberries , mangoes , and pears. california है never cold during march , but it है hot in fall. china है कभी-कभी chilly during march , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in june. her most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but your most loved है the orange. the peach है her favorite fruit , but the apple है my favorite. paris है usually beautiful during may , and it है never wonderful in june. your least liked fruit है the mango , but our least liked है the grapefruit. the banana है their favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है your favorite. the grape है their least liked fruit , but the strawberry है our least liked. the orange है his least favorite fruit , but the banana है your least favorite. india है usually शांत during fall , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in march. your most loved animals are horses. i dislike peaches , apples , and strawberries. paris है कभी-कभी busy during june , and it है never शांत in fall. i like bananas , lemons , and grapes. you like apples , grapefruit , and limes. you dislike peaches , mangoes , and lemons. we like oranges , mangoes , and bananas. we dislike grapefruit , mangoes , and grapes. नई जर्सी है chilly during march , but it है never nice in december. you dislike bananas , mangoes , and limes. he dislikes pears , mangoes , and strawberries. the united states है कभी-कभी rainy during winter , but it है never mild in april. i dislike grapefruit , lemons , and peaches. paris है usually nice during june , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in autumn. you dislike oranges , apples , and grapefruit. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी busy during july , and it है कभी-कभी warm in october. california है कभी-कभी chilly during winter , but it है usually rainy in june. china है कभी-कभी wet during august , but it है never शांत in october. paris है hot during spring , but it है usually snowy in june. the grape है your least favorite fruit , but the banana है his least favorite. china है never warm during summer , but it है usually शांत in november. she dislikes strawberries , pears , and limes. his least favorite animal है the mouse. he dislikes bananas , mangoes , and apples. the lemon है our favorite fruit , but the orange है my favorite. france है usually hot during spring , but it है never pleasant in september. china है chilly during march , and it है never relaxing in may. france है कभी-कभी mild during november , and it है कभी-कभी busy in spring. california है usually mild during fall , but it है never chilly in september. paris है never wonderful during september , and it है hot in july. we dislike peaches , limes , and oranges. the apple है your least liked fruit , but the strawberry है their least liked. the united states है कभी-कभी wonderful during autumn , but it है usually wet in june. he went to the united states last spring. france है wet during fall , and it है never relaxing in june. i like oranges , grapes , and pears. he was driving the little yellow car. i dislike limes , apples , and peaches. the united states है snowy during march , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in december. india है शांत during august , and it है usually mild in january. the united states है never freezing during november , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in winter. india है relaxing during fall , and it है wonderful in march. the strawberry है your favorite fruit , but the peach है our favorite. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी rainy during fall , but it है freezing in spring. the banana है your least liked fruit , but the mango है my least liked. france है usually pleasant during may , and it है never hot in winter. the mango है our least liked fruit , but the banana है his least liked. india है usually warm during april , but it है usually busy in august. the orange है his favorite fruit , but the strawberry है our favorite. you like grapes , limes , and mangoes. that horse है your least favorite animal. she dislikes bananas , oranges , and grapefruit. we dislike oranges , grapefruit , and bananas. paris है usually शांत during autumn , but it है usually snowy in march. she likes apples , mangoes , and oranges. he dislikes the old red automobile. dogs are your least favorite animals. she was driving the little white car. the united states है कभी-कभी busy during spring , and it है usually mild in november. california है कभी-कभी freezing during september , and it है never warm in spring. china है snowy during august , but it है never beautiful in january. our most loved fruit है the orange , but their most loved है the lemon. your least liked fruit है the grape , but his least liked है the orange. india है कभी-कभी शांत during december , but it है never nice in winter. she dislikes oranges , grapes , and lemons. नई जर्सी है never busy during november , and it है never cold in march. my least favorite fruit है the lime , but her least favorite है the pear. the grape है your least favorite fruit. france है कभी-कभी freezing during may , and it है never wet in august. his favorite animals were horses. paris है never snowy during december , and it है never wet in february. india है कभी-कभी pleasant during january , but it है never mild in october. नई जर्सी है cold during december , but it है never warm in february. the lime है our favorite fruit , but the lemon है her favorite. he likes peaches , oranges , and lemons. the united states है never warm during january , and it है rainy in september. the united states है pleasant during june , but it है कभी-कभी warm in summer. the grapefruit है their least liked fruit , but the mango है her least liked. she है going to china next june. he likes strawberries , apples , and grapes. china है कभी-कभी busy during july , and it है usually शांत in march. we dislike bananas , lemons , and mangoes. california है never busy during december , but it है usually hot in fall. france है usually relaxing during winter , but it है usually mild in july. नई जर्सी है usually hot during autumn , and it है never शांत in winter. paris है never nice during september , and it है कभी-कभी cold in march. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wet during september , but it है usually beautiful in august. the united states है कभी-कभी rainy during march , and it है never hot in autumn. the elephant है his most loved animal. india है usually hot during october , and it है usually wet in june. their least favorite fruit है the peach , but your least favorite है the banana. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during september , but it है कभी-कभी wet in march. california है hot during october , and it है usually pleasant in march. he likes grapes and lemons. नई जर्सी है beautiful during march , but it है busy in winter. china है never wonderful during november , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in spring. the united states है usually freezing during autumn , but it है usually dry in june. the peach है my least favorite fruit , but the grape है their least favorite. he dislikes apples , limes , and pears. paris है usually cold during summer , and it है कभी-कभी dry in winter. paris है hot during may , and it है never pleasant in august. his favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but my favorite है the mango. the united states है कभी-कभी pleasant during july , but it है कभी-कभी dry in june. the grape है our least liked fruit , but the strawberry है her least liked. california है never शांत during september , and it है कभी-कभी mild in december. the lime है her least favorite fruit , but the peach है your least favorite. the united states है never mild during august , but it है never beautiful in winter. नई जर्सी है never freezing during february , and it है usually cold in summer. the strawberry है their least liked fruit , but the apple है our least liked. india है never beautiful during spring , but it है usually freezing in february. the grape है our least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है his least liked. i plan to visit france in spring. नई जर्सी है never nice during february , but it है chilly in spring. she saw that नई yellow truck. she likes grapes , apples , and grapefruit. that cat was your favorite animal. the united states है कभी-कभी snowy during march , and it है usually cold in october. the united states है कभी-कभी beautiful during april , but it है usually busy in october. california है beautiful during september , but it है wonderful in august. her most loved fruit है the apple , but their most loved है the grape. he likes grapes and apples. california है chilly during january , but it है never busy in spring. she dislikes bananas , grapefruit , and mangoes. you dislike bananas , peaches , and limes. california है never warm during march , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in may. paris है mild during december , but it है dry in winter. our most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but their most loved है the pear. france है कभी-कभी chilly during june , but it है कभी-कभी wet in november. paris है कभी-कभी शांत during may , but it है usually dry in january. our most loved fruit है the strawberry , but his most loved है the mango. our least liked fruit है the grape , but her least liked है the grapefruit. their favorite fruit है the apple , but his favorite है the strawberry. my least liked fruit है the pear , but her least liked है the mango. we like peaches , grapes , and apples. france है never wet during september , but it है usually mild in december. the lemon है your least liked fruit , but the peach है his least liked. नई जर्सी है cold during february , and it है never hot in winter. the united states है never freezing during november , but it है कभी-कभी cold in fall. france है usually शांत during august , but it है usually chilly in february. california है pleasant during january , but it है usually chilly in april. they like grapes , peaches , and strawberries. china है never wonderful during april , but it है कभी-कभी wet in march. i dislike peaches , mangoes , and oranges. your favorite fruit है the strawberry , but our favorite है the banana. she likes bananas , strawberries , and grapes. his least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but our least favorite है the peach. india है nice during december , but it है कभी-कभी warm in january. the orange है their least favorite fruit , but the lime है his least favorite. the mango है their most loved fruit , but the pear है my most loved. india है never wet during august , but it है कभी-कभी hot in winter. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during winter , and it है never nice in fall. he है driving the old black car. paris है never cold during january , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in november. the grape है my favorite fruit , but the peach है his favorite. france है snowy during july , but it है beautiful in june. paris है never busy during february , and it है never cold in august. california है कभी-कभी relaxing during april , but it है कभी-कभी dry in autumn. india है relaxing during february , but it है never rainy in june. california है usually chilly during may , and it है कभी-कभी dry in july. china है never busy during september , but it है rainy in october. नई जर्सी है busy during august , and it है relaxing in december. i think it है difficult to translate between spanish and portuguese. india है busy during april , but it है कभी-कभी dry in fall. france है busy during august , and it है nice in february. their favorite fruit है the orange , but my favorite है the grapefruit. paris है कभी-कभी rainy during winter , but it है chilly in fall. india है usually beautiful during july , but it है cold in autumn. the pear है your least liked fruit , but the lemon है my least liked. her least favorite fruit है the banana , but your least favorite है the grapefruit. france है कभी-कभी शांत during november , but it है warm in february. नई जर्सी है rainy during summer , but it है कभी-कभी mild in february. नई जर्सी है never rainy during autumn , but it है never pleasant in march. france है never snowy during october , and it है कभी-कभी wet in april. the lime है her least liked fruit , but the grape है our least liked. she है driving the rusty blue truck. paris है usually beautiful during july , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in may. france है never busy during autumn , but it है शांत in january. india है never शांत during january , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in december. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wet during october , but it है mild in summer. china है never chilly during february , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in november. the united states है शांत during fall , but it है usually freezing in may. california है never busy during fall , but it है कभी-कभी wet in april. they dislike pears , grapes , and bananas. he liked a big green automobile. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी शांत during winter , and it है never hot in spring. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी beautiful during march , but it है usually wonderful in summer. they dislike mangoes , grapes , and strawberries. the united states है never beautiful during november , and it है never शांत in july. i think translating between spanish and portuguese है fun. the banana है our favorite fruit , but the lemon है your favorite. paris है कभी-कभी snowy during january , and it है usually hot in april. their least favorite fruit है the mango , but her least favorite है the peach. नई जर्सी है never cold during september , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in july. china है usually wonderful during october , and it है usually dry in june. she saw that rusty white car. france है wonderful during december , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in winter. the united states है relaxing during november , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in winter. your least favorite fruit है the banana , but our least favorite है the strawberry. she saw the नई green truck. the strawberry है your most loved fruit , but the lemon है his most loved. नई जर्सी है never busy during october , but it है cold in september. they like mangoes , limes , and grapes. the pear है her least liked fruit , but the orange है their least liked. china है usually freezing during february , but it है never snowy in summer. your most loved fruit है the peach , but my most loved है the mango. he likes that big blue truck. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी relaxing during february , but it है never wet in october. नई जर्सी है snowy during march , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in november. india है usually शांत during june , but it है never snowy in december. the united states है cold during july , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in may. she है driving the little white truck. my most loved animal was that bird. my least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but our least liked है the orange. paris है busy during may , and it है usually rainy in november. the grape है my favorite fruit , but the lime है our favorite. paris है dry during march , and it है never शांत in august. china है relaxing during january , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in spring. india है pleasant during winter , but it है usually शांत in july. paris है usually शांत during march , but it है never wonderful in autumn. california है usually warm during june , and it है usually pleasant in july. paris है कभी-कभी wet during may , and it है never pleasant in spring. the lemon है your most loved fruit , but the peach है his most loved. he likes strawberries , pears , and oranges. the orange है your least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है their least liked. his favorite fruit है the grape , but our favorite है the lemon. she dislikes lemons , mangoes , and bananas. india है never wet during fall , but it है कभी-कभी warm in january. paris है कभी-कभी freezing during august , and it है never wet in spring. the united states है wonderful during march , but it है never snowy in january. the lime है her least liked fruit , but the strawberry है my least liked. she drives that big blue automobile. i like limes , apples , and mangoes. india है pleasant during october , and it है never nice in summer. france है rainy during january , but it है never wonderful in fall. france है never rainy during may , but it है nice in october. she drives the big blue automobile. france है pleasant during july , but it है usually dry in december. they dislike pears , mangoes , and grapes. india है usually wonderful during spring , but it है usually dry in august. he है driving a big green truck. paris है कभी-कभी cold during march , but it है usually snowy in autumn. your favorite fruit है the grape , but their favorite है the grapefruit. the orange है my most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है their most loved. india है never snowy during november , and it है usually busy in december. california है usually wonderful during november , but it है कभी-कभी cold in may. india है beautiful during november , and it है usually freezing in autumn. the orange है their favorite fruit , but the mango है his favorite. you dislike mangoes , lemons , and grapes. california है never chilly during august , and it है usually nice in autumn. where है the united states ? नई जर्सी है dry during spring , and it है never relaxing in march. paris है never relaxing during june , but it है कभी-कभी nice in august. china है usually nice during autumn , but it है usually warm in october. the dog है her favorite animal. paris है कभी-कभी freezing during spring , and it है warm in fall. california है कभी-कभी rainy during september , but it है wonderful in may. they dislike lemons , apples , and grapefruit. the united states है usually pleasant during may , and it है rainy in summer. the united states है relaxing during spring , and it है nice in september. the banana है their least liked fruit , but the peach है my least liked. the united states है usually rainy during spring , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in summer. china है usually hot during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in fall. नई जर्सी है usually relaxing during november , and it है usually mild in october. they dislike bananas , mangoes , and limes. she saw the नई white truck. the orange है their least liked fruit , but the strawberry है his least liked. he likes bananas , grapes , and apples. she disliked a little blue truck. she dislikes strawberries , apples , and mangoes. she dislikes lemons , oranges , and mangoes. their most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but your most loved है the grape. india है usually cold during spring , and it है usually dry in august. she likes apples , grapes , and bananas. china है snowy during fall , but it है cold in september. india है कभी-कभी mild during autumn , and it है usually wet in september. china है कभी-कभी snowy during december , and it है chilly in november. why are they going to नई जर्सी ? france है usually chilly during august , but it है never शांत in june. the lemon है his most loved fruit , but the lime है your most loved. the united states है nice during december , and it है usually rainy in autumn. france है never busy during december , and it है never warm in summer. france है कभी-कभी snowy during summer , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in november. paris है never wet during fall , and it है कभी-कभी nice in summer. california है usually dry during february , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in autumn. paris है wonderful during may , and it है dry in spring. china है nice during fall , but it है never dry in september. china है कभी-कभी wonderful during winter , and it है relaxing in october. she likes pears , grapes , and apples. california है pleasant during summer , and it है usually nice in january. france है शांत during february , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in september. he likes pears , strawberries , and mangoes. he drives the rusty white automobile. india है कभी-कभी mild during august , and it है usually snowy in april. india है usually hot during december , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in february. the mango है my least liked fruit , but the pear है his least liked. france है cold during september , but it है hot in july. नई जर्सी है warm during october , but it है never hot in autumn. china है never relaxing during october , but it है usually mild in july. india है usually warm during november , and it है nice in june. france है usually snowy during autumn , but it है never chilly in summer. our least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but their least favorite है the banana. she might go to paris next april. she drives that rusty yellow truck. china है relaxing during summer , and it है never शांत in february. paris है pleasant during january , and it है कभी-कभी cold in spring. she dislikes limes , strawberries , and grapefruit. california है never mild during october , and it है rainy in february. china है never mild during spring , and it है wet in winter. the mango है her least liked fruit , but the orange है his least liked. paris है कभी-कभी hot during summer , but it है never mild in january. he dislikes mangoes , strawberries , and grapes. their least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but our least favorite है the pear. california है never snowy during april , and it है usually busy in july. the united states है cold during july , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in spring. china है wet during july , and it है शांत in october. paris है beautiful during winter , but it है never busy in november. the united states है कभी-कभी wonderful during spring , and it है never शांत in october. the united states है never rainy during february , but it है pleasant in spring. california है never rainy during july , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in february. he dislikes grapefruit , strawberries , and grapes. paris है कभी-कभी hot during winter , and it है warm in february. he likes limes , mangoes , and bananas. the mango है our least liked fruit , but the apple है your least liked. california है usually hot during august , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in july. the lemon है her favorite fruit , but the grape है my favorite. paris है usually rainy during may , but it है never mild in december. they like oranges , bananas , and apples. france है कभी-कभी busy during july , and it है rainy in may. the lime है his least favorite fruit , but the peach है my least favorite. her least liked fruit है the mango , but their least liked है the apple. paris है usually wet during june , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in march. she drives that नई red truck. the united states है usually snowy during spring , but it है never chilly in april. china है usually wonderful during may , but it है rainy in january. his least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but their least favorite है the mango. the apple है your least favorite fruit , but the lime है our least favorite. the orange है her least favorite fruit , but the banana है our least favorite. france है कभी-कभी dry during summer , but it है snowy in autumn. he likes oranges , apples , and lemons. california है कभी-कभी cold during december , but it है never hot in july. our least favorite fruit है the grape , but their least favorite है the lemon. india है कभी-कभी शांत during summer , but it है wet in august. china है never warm during fall , and it है never snowy in winter. she dislikes limes , strawberries , and lemons. he likes mangoes , grapes , and pears. we plan to visit नई जर्सी next october. the united states है कभी-कभी warm during fall , but it है usually chilly in winter. india है never nice during september , but it है कभी-कभी hot in autumn. the grape है their least liked fruit , but the pear है her least liked. she likes peaches , strawberries , and limes. paris है usually freezing during december , but it है usually शांत in fall. they dislike limes , grapefruit , and bananas. i like bananas , mangoes , and grapefruit. this mouse was my most feared animal. the united states है usually rainy during winter , but it है never beautiful in june. she drove a big white car. the mango है their least liked fruit , but the strawberry है my least liked. california है never शांत during september , and it है busy in fall. she liked that rusty black automobile. his most loved fruit है the lime , but her most loved है the lemon. the grapefruit है your least liked fruit , but the lemon है his least liked. she was driving that shiny blue truck. paris है never freezing during july , but it है warm in fall. california है कभी-कभी cold during autumn , but it है nice in june. california है कभी-कभी warm during february , and it है usually pleasant in january. paris है usually busy during june , and it है usually hot in april. the united states है कभी-कभी nice during july , and it है कभी-कभी busy in fall. china है cold during december , and it है never warm in fall. india है never dry during spring , but it है usually pleasant in may. the strawberry है our least liked fruit , but the peach है your least liked. the lemon है my least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है your least favorite. california है कभी-कभी freezing during september , and it है never dry in summer. the mango है his least favorite fruit , but the peach है our least favorite. the united states है कभी-कभी hot during july , but it है relaxing in june. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी beautiful during fall , and it है usually freezing in october. she likes mangoes , limes , and grapefruit. the united states है mild during january , and it है rainy in spring. we like pears , oranges , and apples. they dislike strawberries , limes , and mangoes. the pear है your least favorite fruit , but the lime है their least favorite. paris है usually hot during may , but it है कभी-कभी mild in april. she drives that नई yellow truck. he dislikes strawberries , limes , and grapefruit. california है कभी-कभी warm during april , but it है usually शांत in may. china है usually busy during october , and it है never chilly in july. they plan to visit the united states in winter. he dislikes grapes , pears , and mangoes. he liked the नई white car. नई जर्सी है never pleasant during august , and it है never relaxing in february. china है never cold during summer , and it है usually nice in august. she likes strawberries , oranges , and lemons. her most loved fruit है the strawberry , but his most loved है the grapefruit. she drove a little green truck. india है snowy during fall , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in june. they plan to visit china in july. california है कभी-कभी mild during summer , and it है कभी-कभी warm in february. paris है rainy during august , and it है wet in july. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during march , and it है never pleasant in winter. he likes peaches , lemons , and pears. नई जर्सी है never rainy during winter , and it है beautiful in february. paris है never beautiful during october , but it है freezing in autumn. she dislikes bananas , pears , and limes. your favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but my favorite है the apple. our most loved fruit है the peach , but their most loved है the mango. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during october , but it है busy in august. नई जर्सी है usually dry during march , but it है never cold in july. california है usually wonderful during july , but it है cold in winter. china है usually relaxing during june , but it है never शांत in summer. नई जर्सी है nice during winter , but it है snowy in january. france है freezing during january , and it है usually rainy in february. the grape है our least favorite fruit , but the pear है my least favorite. france है usually warm during june , but it है never chilly in autumn. his least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but their least favorite है the orange. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी rainy during july , and it है never snowy in winter. our least favorite fruit है the mango , but their least favorite है the lime. नई जर्सी है mild during may , and it है never wet in april. france है usually snowy during february , and it है कभी-कभी cold in august. india है कभी-कभी chilly during november , but it है कभी-कभी nice in spring. their least favorite fruit है the orange , but her least favorite है the peach. नई जर्सी है hot during fall , but it है usually dry in november. she dislikes bananas , strawberries , and limes. his most loved fruit है the lime. your least liked fruit है the banana , but their least liked है the grapefruit. paris है usually hot during march , and it है never mild in october. india है freezing during october , and it है beautiful in spring. he likes strawberries , grapes , and mangoes. their least liked fruit है the grape , but his least liked है the apple. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during february , but it है usually beautiful in november. नई जर्सी है beautiful during february , but it है usually wet in fall. china है usually beautiful during april , and it है never busy in may. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी warm during winter , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in october. china है never nice during december , but it है usually warm in winter. france है chilly during october , and it है never freezing in january. india है never chilly during fall , and it है never beautiful in november. france है usually wet during september , and it है mild in fall. california है never snowy during summer , but it है chilly in february. china है usually snowy during september , and it है कभी-कभी nice in summer. their least liked fruit है the strawberry , but your least liked है the pear. he dislikes peaches , lemons , and strawberries. she likes limes , bananas , and grapefruit. the strawberry है his most loved fruit , but the pear है their most loved. she saw the rusty blue car. the grape है my least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है her least liked. california है never busy during spring , but it है कभी-कभी nice in october. he है driving a little white car. she likes apples , mangoes , and bananas. paris है कभी-कभी cold during april , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in fall. she likes mangoes , oranges , and peaches. india है never hot during february , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in march. california है never beautiful during april , and it है never relaxing in summer. he was driving the नई green automobile. नई जर्सी है busy during august , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in spring. the pear है your least liked fruit , but the peach है our least liked. china है usually nice during december , but it है never wonderful in may. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी mild during august , but it है beautiful in spring. my least favorite animal was this shark. नई जर्सी है never snowy during september , but it है hot in may. नई जर्सी है never शांत during july , and it है wet in august. france है usually शांत during august , and it है wet in january. the mango है our favorite fruit , but the lemon है her favorite. france है usually freezing during april , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in summer. paris है usually busy during autumn , and it है cold in july. he disliked the big red automobile. she likes peaches , grapes , and oranges. paris है कभी-कभी rainy during winter , but it है never hot in july. नई जर्सी है pleasant during autumn , and it है never cold in december. their favorite fruit है the lemon , but our favorite है the orange. he likes apples , bananas , and oranges. he likes pears , strawberries , and peaches. paris है nice during december , but it है usually pleasant in february. the lime है their least liked fruit , but the grape है our least liked. नई जर्सी है rainy during june , but it है never शांत in february. she likes that rusty yellow automobile. the grape है your least favorite fruit , but the banana है my least favorite. नई जर्सी है wet during july , but it है wonderful in april. california है never rainy during january , but it है शांत in winter. your favorite fruit है the mango , but their favorite है the orange. the lemon है your most loved fruit , but the strawberry है his most loved. china है never freezing during winter , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in july. she likes pears , lemons , and strawberries. the banana है our least favorite fruit , but the lemon है her least favorite. नई जर्सी है dry during july , and it है never snowy in january. they like lemons , apples , and grapefruit. he likes apples , pears , and limes. his least favorite fruit है the pear , but our least favorite है the banana. france है usually freezing during february , and it है never chilly in spring. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wonderful during november , but it है usually relaxing in spring. the banana है my most loved fruit , but the apple है his most loved. the lime है our favorite fruit , but the banana है my favorite. india है कभी-कभी nice during january , but it है never cold in march. india है usually wonderful during spring , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in autumn. paris है usually pleasant during july , but it है cold in october. paris है beautiful during fall , and it है hot in january. नई जर्सी है beautiful during april , and it है nice in november. my favorite fruit है the orange , but our favorite है the lemon. her least favorite fruit है the apple , but your least favorite है the lemon. नई जर्सी है usually snowy during autumn , and it है usually dry in july. he likes limes , oranges , and strawberries. the grape है her favorite fruit , but the peach है their favorite. she liked that old red automobile. china है relaxing during july , but it है usually freezing in autumn. she dislikes grapefruit , peaches , and lemons. france है कभी-कभी cold during winter , but it है never snowy in summer. our most loved fruit है the lemon , but her most loved है the mango. they might go to नई जर्सी next fall. they like grapes , mangoes , and grapefruit. california है beautiful during january , but it है usually शांत in may. he dislikes bananas and pears. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी freezing during june , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in january. we dislike pears , oranges , and grapes. paris है usually dry during august , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in may. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during fall , and it है कभी-कभी nice in april. california है dry during june , but it है never wet in winter. china है कभी-कभी warm during february , and it है never beautiful in autumn. france है usually chilly during july , but it है कभी-कभी dry in june. china है usually cold during september , but it है never hot in fall. my least liked fruit है the strawberry , but our least liked है the grapefruit. india है usually relaxing during autumn , but it है usually pleasant in august. the peach है his least liked fruit , but the mango है their least liked. नई जर्सी है never pleasant during spring , and it है कभी-कभी dry in december. france है wet during july , but it है usually freezing in november. their favorite fruit है the peach , but her favorite है the lime. the apple है our least favorite fruit , but the banana है his least favorite. he likes mangoes , oranges , and lemons. they like peaches , mangoes , and lemons. the bird was my most loved animal. my least favorite fruit है the mango , but his least favorite है the strawberry. you like strawberries , lemons , and limes. france है शांत during winter , and it है कभी-कभी hot in spring. the strawberry है her favorite fruit , but the pear है my favorite. the peach है her least liked fruit , but the apple है his least liked. india है कभी-कभी busy during october , and it है hot in november. california है busy during june , but it है usually hot in january. my favorite fruit है the banana , but her favorite है the grape. paris है never mild during july , and it है usually chilly in october. china है never beautiful during summer , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in autumn. paris है never nice during january , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in spring. the pear है my least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है our least favorite. china है never warm during winter , but it है usually freezing in may. नई जर्सी है wet during may , but it है never rainy in winter. india है never beautiful during june , and it है usually busy in november. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during april , but it है usually busy in fall. she dislikes lemons , mangoes , and bananas. california है कभी-कभी chilly during september , and it है कभी-कभी nice in october. the united states है usually relaxing during winter , and it है कभी-कभी nice in january. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी chilly during spring , but it है never rainy in february. france है never warm during january , but it है कभी-कभी cold in winter. california है कभी-कभी beautiful during august , but it है usually busy in spring. california है usually rainy during october , and it है कभी-कभी nice in february. china है relaxing during october , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in fall. india है कभी-कभी chilly during march , but it है never busy in april. paris है never beautiful during summer , and it है chilly in december. india है never chilly during spring , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in september. paris है usually wet during may , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in august. california है never beautiful during december , and it है कभी-कभी hot in january. france है never dry during summer , but it है never hot in december. california है usually beautiful during july , and it है usually snowy in may. oranges are your favorite fruit. the united states है never busy during december , and it है nice in fall. the lemon है her least favorite fruit , but the peach है my least favorite. paris है usually beautiful during winter , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in december. the united states है usually rainy during fall , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in november. california है usually rainy during fall , but it है beautiful in winter. france है never rainy during june , but it है never nice in autumn. france है usually freezing during spring , and it है nice in july. california है warm during winter , and it है usually wonderful in november. france है never शांत during march , and it है never mild in fall. california है warm during winter , but it है relaxing in february. the united states है never beautiful during may , but it है never freezing in winter. we like grapes , peaches , and mangoes. he dislikes pears , apples , and strawberries. sharks were her most feared animals. our favorite fruit है the lime , but her favorite है the grapefruit. india है usually snowy during april , but it है never wonderful in winter. india है usually warm during december , and it है usually rainy in summer. i dislike grapes , grapefruit , and strawberries. he likes pears and mangoes. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी rainy during october , and it है never warm in fall. paris है usually dry during april , and it है usually nice in summer. paris है never hot during may , and it है chilly in august. the united states है never relaxing during september , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in october. your most loved fruit है the lemon , but their most loved है the orange. we like oranges , limes , and bananas. india है कभी-कभी relaxing during autumn , but it है never mild in september. the united states है never chilly during march , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in april. he dislikes pears and oranges. china है usually mild during fall , but it है never hot in april. नई जर्सी है wet during autumn , and it है freezing in fall. their favorite fruit है the pear , but my favorite है the orange. india है rainy during june , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in september. india है usually warm during december , and it है beautiful in april. he dislikes grapefruit , grapes , and pears. नई जर्सी है never शांत during april , but it है chilly in summer. france है शांत during spring , and it है never wet in july. india है कभी-कभी freezing during november , but it है never pleasant in march. she liked a rusty black truck. paris है never hot during august , and it है usually शांत in february. he dislikes apples and strawberries. the united states है wonderful during april , and it है chilly in january. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी शांत during october , but it है beautiful in summer. the united states है usually busy during february , and it है never शांत in june. she dislikes bananas , limes , and pears. china है कभी-कभी शांत during winter , and it है never chilly in spring. the monkey है my most loved animal. the grapefruit है her least favorite fruit , but the pear है our least favorite. he dislikes mangoes , pears , and oranges. the peach है my least favorite fruit , but the lemon है your least favorite. india है कभी-कभी hot during september , but it है usually relaxing in july. china है कभी-कभी freezing during fall , and it है hot in spring. california है nice during may , but it है freezing in july. california है usually snowy during summer , but it है rainy in june. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wonderful during february , and it है usually warm in november. my favorite fruit है the grape , but their favorite है the strawberry. they dislike grapefruit and mangoes. he dislikes grapes , strawberries , and lemons. she likes pears , oranges , and grapes. china है dry during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in august. india है usually relaxing during may , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in february. the united states है never snowy during july , and it है mild in january. she disliked that old red automobile. the united states है usually warm during august , but it है chilly in december. california है usually freezing during july , but it है never warm in january. i like bananas , pears , and limes. she likes lemons and grapes. नई जर्सी है pleasant during fall , and it है nice in october. how was the weather in नई जर्सी last winter ? your least favorite fruit है the apple , but his least favorite है the lime. india है never wonderful during june , but it है beautiful in october. i dislike peaches , oranges , and bananas. my most loved fruit है the lemon , but their most loved है the grape. india है कभी-कभी pleasant during winter , but it है कभी-कभी busy in spring. his most loved animal was this lion. the strawberry है our least liked fruit , but the lemon है their least liked. the apple है her most loved fruit , but the lime है their most loved. she disliked a shiny red automobile. china है rainy during january , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in april. the peach है her least favorite fruit , but the orange है their least favorite. the united states है dry during september , but it है never wet in march. he plans to visit france in summer. he dislikes grapefruit and strawberries. india है never cold during april , but it है never nice in october. my most loved animal है this monkey. her favorite fruit है the orange , but their favorite है the mango. california है usually cold during april , but it है dry in october. she drove that old blue truck. this bear was my most feared animal. california है usually rainy during april , and it है usually mild in summer. china है snowy during april , and it है cold in spring. china है never cold during october , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in winter. paris है rainy during december , and it है usually pleasant in july. california है never pleasant during january , but it है never hot in december. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during august , and it है usually busy in october. he है driving a old black truck. the grapefruit है our least favorite fruit , but the lime है your least favorite. he dislikes grapefruit , grapes , and bananas. france है wonderful during july , but it है usually rainy in june. our least favorite fruit है the grape , but my least favorite है the grapefruit. paris है usually freezing during autumn , but it है mild in march. नई जर्सी है usually pleasant during february , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in june. i dislike apples , lemons , and grapes. the lemon है your most loved fruit , but the peach है my most loved. he likes a little blue car. india है never wonderful during summer , and it है usually pleasant in december. china है nice during july , but it है usually chilly in october. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during august , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in summer. china है hot during fall , and it है कभी-कभी warm in november. नई जर्सी है usually शांत during fall , but it है usually warm in june. china है snowy during august , but it है usually freezing in february. china है never busy during october , but it है never warm in fall. china है usually cold during summer , but it है usually freezing in january. the strawberry है our most loved fruit , but the lime है your most loved. the lime है our least liked fruit , but the apple है her least liked. paris है beautiful during fall , and it है rainy in april. the united states है never dry during december , but it है कभी-कभी busy in autumn. your favorite fruit है the grape , but their favorite है the strawberry. नई जर्सी है usually warm during june , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in winter. france है usually rainy during winter , but it है usually wet in september. she likes lemons and bananas. california है कभी-कभी dry during may , and it है usually freezing in february. paris है कभी-कभी busy during spring , but it है कभी-कभी wet in february. नई जर्सी है chilly during july , but it है usually शांत in june. california है कभी-कभी mild during spring , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in november. paris है कभी-कभी शांत during december , and it है usually freezing in autumn. the pear है their most loved fruit , but the peach है your most loved. she likes that नई red car. नई जर्सी है never mild during winter , and it है freezing in october. she dislikes mangoes and pears. she likes limes , oranges , and grapefruit. france है usually mild during september , but it है कभी-कभी hot in november. paris है usually warm during may , and it है never hot in october. the united states है never cold during december , but it है never शांत in summer. we dislike mangoes , bananas , and peaches. california है कभी-कभी mild during fall , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in december. her most loved animals are sharks. the grapefruit है our least liked fruit , but the orange है their least liked. you dislike apples , lemons , and bananas. his most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but your most loved है the peach. india है cold during august , and it है कभी-कभी nice in september. our least liked fruit है the lemon , but my least liked है the mango. i plan to visit the united states next may. the orange है their favorite fruit , but the grape है his favorite. your most loved fruit है the grape , but our most loved है the banana. this cat है my favorite animal. she dislikes the shiny black automobile. they are going to paris next summer. paris है कभी-कभी busy during autumn , but it है never nice in january. his least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but our least favorite है the apple. he likes that little black automobile. china है never freezing during fall , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in june. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during january , but it है never beautiful in autumn. नई जर्सी है usually mild during march , but it है never wonderful in autumn. he dislikes strawberries , bananas , and oranges. india है beautiful during fall , but it है never busy in october. she saw that rusty blue truck. china है कभी-कभी snowy during autumn , but it है wonderful in july. the banana है their favorite fruit , but the pear है our favorite. the united states है snowy during february , and it है usually nice in december. नई जर्सी है never wet during november , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in september. france है never cold during august , but it है usually rainy in may. the united states है usually wet during july , but it है कभी-कभी mild in autumn. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी beautiful during january , but it है usually hot in october. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during summer , and it है usually relaxing in january. india है never शांत during october , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in november. india है mild during fall , but it है कभी-कभी warm in september. she likes grapefruit , pears , and peaches. we like peaches , oranges , and apples. india है कभी-कभी snowy during october , but it है usually freezing in february. her most feared animal was that rabbit. he likes mangoes , peaches , and grapefruit. she dislikes apples , pears , and grapes. the strawberry है his favorite fruit , but the apple है her favorite. the mango है my favorite fruit , but the lemon है your favorite. i like grapes , peaches , and oranges. california है never rainy during december , but it है busy in april. that rabbit was her most feared animal. we dislike lemons , mangoes , and oranges. paris है कभी-कभी busy during may , and it है usually nice in july. california है कभी-कभी freezing during fall , but it है never hot in summer. france है usually nice during april , and it है chilly in november. paris है usually cold during february , and it है usually rainy in fall. the lemon है her least favorite fruit , but the mango है our least favorite. she है driving that big blue automobile. नई जर्सी है snowy during june , and it है never beautiful in april. you dislike lemons , apples , and bananas. france है freezing during march , but it है कभी-कभी cold in october. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during november , and it है never rainy in june. the mango है their least favorite fruit , but the pear है my least favorite. नई जर्सी है usually pleasant during july , but it है never wet in summer. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during june , but it है usually mild in winter. he likes grapefruit , apples , and peaches. china है never hot during fall , and it है dry in spring. the apple है your least favorite fruit , but the orange है my least favorite. he dislikes strawberries , apples , and lemons. the bear है my most feared animal. it's difficult to translate spanish to chinese. we dislike pears , oranges , and strawberries. india है pleasant during september , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in april. i dislike oranges , strawberries , and apples. नई जर्सी है wonderful during fall , but it है कभी-कभी mild in august. france है कभी-कभी mild during september , and it है usually rainy in november. the mango है my least favorite fruit , but the grape है your least favorite. she dislikes mangoes , bananas , and peaches. california है nice during may , but it है usually wonderful in february. india है कभी-कभी rainy during july , and it है usually relaxing in january. the orange है your favorite fruit , but the banana है her favorite. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during april , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in february. we like oranges , limes , and peaches. नई जर्सी है dry during autumn , and it है never nice in february. california है never शांत during winter , and it है wet in spring. i like grapefruit and strawberries. your most loved fruit है the peach , but his most loved है the strawberry. france है never nice during july , and it है freezing in january. i like grapefruit , pears , and limes. she likes grapes , oranges , and pears. california है शांत during summer , but it है never rainy in september. he likes limes , grapefruit , and lemons. the united states है शांत during march , but it है usually beautiful in fall. paris है कभी-कभी freezing during fall , but it है usually rainy in spring. their least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but her least liked है the strawberry. नई जर्सी है शांत during january , but it है कभी-कभी nice in fall. california है usually nice during autumn , and it है usually busy in july. china है कभी-कभी wet during may , but it है usually dry in autumn. mangoes are my favorite fruit. they like strawberries , grapefruit , and peaches. when है she going to the eiffel tower ? the strawberry है her least liked fruit , but the peach है our least liked. the orange है my most loved fruit , but the lime है our most loved. नई जर्सी है rainy during august , and it है never snowy in june. california है usually pleasant during june , and it है never busy in february. paris है usually chilly during january , and it है relaxing in spring. she dislikes bananas , grapefruit , and mangoes. नई जर्सी है chilly during march , but it है never hot in june. china है कभी-कभी chilly during june , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in january. the united states है never शांत during january , and it है hot in may. when did we go to the grocery store ? the united states है never dry during february , and it है wet in september. california है beautiful during summer , and it है usually rainy in july. नई जर्सी है never chilly during winter , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in summer. france है कभी-कभी शांत during spring , but it है never snowy in december. that horse है my most loved animal. california है never wonderful during september , and it है usually nice in autumn. she wanted to go to नई जर्सी last february. france है never pleasant during june , but it है कभी-कभी mild in march. the banana है his least liked fruit , but the peach है my least liked. she dislikes mangoes , strawberries , and apples. the orange है his favorite fruit , but the lime है our favorite. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during july , and it है never warm in summer. his favorite fruit है the peach , but her favorite है the strawberry. the lemon है their least liked fruit , but the lime है your least liked. india है usually cold during september , but it है never dry in april. california है cold during september , but it है busy in august. the united states है never rainy during spring , but it है कभी-कभी wet in september. नई जर्सी है dry during autumn , and it है never beautiful in april. china है usually शांत during april , and it है never rainy in february. china है cold during july , and it है freezing in winter. china है usually wet during march , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in september. france है usually snowy during december , and it है never busy in spring. the grape है our most loved fruit , but the strawberry है his most loved. they like strawberries , pears , and bananas. their least liked fruit है the orange , but his least liked है the mango. france है beautiful during spring , and it है never mild in july. paris है usually beautiful during june , but it है never rainy in november. paris है beautiful during september , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in january. india है usually hot during december , and it है never nice in september. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during spring , and it है usually pleasant in autumn. he dislikes strawberries , grapes , and peaches. lemons are your least favorite fruit. paris है never cold during june , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in august. india है never mild during june , but it है never nice in spring. china है कभी-कभी dry during october , but it है never beautiful in spring. china है beautiful during february , but it है usually busy in august. our least favorite fruit है the pear , but my least favorite है the banana. your least liked fruit है the lemon , but our least liked है the pear. the lime है their favorite fruit , but the apple है her favorite. his most loved fruit है the mango , but our most loved है the banana. china है usually snowy during september , but it है beautiful in december. the lime है our least favorite fruit , but the pear है your least favorite. france है कभी-कभी cold during july , but it है never snowy in fall. he likes peaches , mangoes , and lemons. china है कभी-कभी शांत during november , but it है freezing in june. she dislikes bananas , pears , and strawberries. china है snowy during november , and it है never cold in fall. california है never rainy during may , but it है never wonderful in march. paris है शांत during july , and it है usually freezing in november. her favorite fruit है the strawberry , but our favorite है the grape. he dislikes oranges , pears , and apples. the lemon है my most loved fruit , but the mango है your most loved. he likes grapes , limes , and mangoes. does she like the football field ? his most loved fruit है the pear , but her most loved है the grape. नई जर्सी है usually hot during november , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in july. india है usually nice during may , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in august. the united states है never wet during november , but it है usually शांत in fall. india है never wonderful during october , and it है nice in september. the united states है never hot during november , but it है never शांत in autumn. he likes grapes , pears , and strawberries. the united states है never dry during september , but it है शांत in february. नई जर्सी है cold during fall , and it है usually warm in spring. my most loved fruit है the apple , but his most loved है the strawberry. india है कभी-कभी busy during november , but it है usually cold in july. he saw a big green automobile. china है usually relaxing during august , but it है usually nice in july. your most loved fruit है the lime , but his most loved है the grape. she dislikes peaches , strawberries , and pears. they like lemons , peaches , and strawberries. we dislike lemons , oranges , and grapes. your least liked fruit है the apple , but my least liked है the peach. paris है कभी-कभी wonderful during august , but it है never cold in autumn. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during november , but it है cold in january. india है freezing during june , but it है कभी-कभी nice in may. china है usually chilly during february , and it है कभी-कभी warm in july. california है usually wonderful during may , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in autumn. your least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but her least favorite है the pear. paris है usually chilly during december , and it है never cold in april. paris है कभी-कभी snowy during july , but it है cold in september. नई जर्सी है rainy during winter , but it है usually wet in december. china है cold during spring , and it है chilly in november. i dislike lemons , grapefruit , and limes. paris है usually wonderful during january , but it है dry in fall. he liked the shiny red automobile. the lime है our favorite fruit , but the peach है his favorite. my most loved fruit है the apple , but your most loved है the peach. the united states है कभी-कभी hot during fall , and it है never chilly in september. you dislike lemons , mangoes , and bananas. i dislike peaches , limes , and bananas. grapefruit are our favorite fruit. i dislike peaches , limes , and mangoes. india है never mild during winter , and it है शांत in april. india है never beautiful during autumn , and it है busy in april. paris है कभी-कभी dry during winter , and it है usually hot in september. the grapefruit है his most loved fruit , but the lime है their most loved. they might go to india next june. china है कभी-कभी snowy during february , and it है usually beautiful in november. the united states है usually freezing during march , but it है usually शांत in june. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during fall , but it है शांत in november. they dislike oranges , grapes , and bananas. california है pleasant during july , and it है शांत in january. you dislike pears , apples , and grapefruit. he drove the little blue car. नई जर्सी है rainy during january , but it है usually freezing in autumn. california है never snowy during november , and it है never relaxing in june. california है कभी-कभी relaxing during november , but it है कभी-कभी nice in october. china है never warm during june , and it है usually freezing in november. i like oranges , pears , and lemons. india है never snowy during spring , but it है rainy in summer. his most loved fruit है the mango , but your most loved है the apple. india है never nice during august , and it है usually relaxing in autumn. china है never cold during march , and it है dry in june. this cat was her least favorite animal. she likes apples , mangoes , and strawberries. paris है never relaxing during spring , but it है hot in fall. france है usually snowy during may , but it है कभी-कभी cold in august. she likes peaches , limes , and bananas. नई जर्सी है never cold during march , and it है rainy in spring. paris है never mild during march , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in may. india है never wonderful during fall , and it है कभी-कभी busy in january. france है usually beautiful during summer , and it है never शांत in march. california है usually hot during may , and it है usually rainy in fall. he likes grapes , mangoes , and bananas. the united states है never warm during fall , and it है कभी-कभी busy in december. the lemon है her least liked fruit , but the apple है your least liked. she wants to go to china. california है usually mild during spring , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in october. california है कभी-कभी mild during january , and it है beautiful in february. the united states है hot during october , but it है कभी-कभी warm in summer. france है mild during august , and it है never wonderful in april. he saw a old white truck. she likes oranges , grapes , and mangoes. india है कभी-कभी chilly during winter , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in fall. she है driving that little yellow car. he dislikes grapefruit , oranges , and peaches. france है कभी-कभी dry during spring , and it है usually chilly in august. their most loved fruit है the orange , but her most loved है the mango. the united states है usually nice during winter , but it है usually freezing in december. they dislike peaches , strawberries , and mangoes. नई जर्सी है never mild during may , and it है never hot in november. the grape है our least favorite fruit , but the orange है his least favorite. the united states है कभी-कभी wonderful during september , and it है never busy in summer. he likes apples , oranges , and peaches. the united states है snowy during december , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in march. the apple है our favorite fruit , but the peach है my favorite. france है never dry during december , and it है never chilly in october. the pear है his favorite fruit , but the peach है her favorite. france है कभी-कभी wonderful during spring , but it है usually mild in october. the united states है never beautiful during august , and it है cold in december. the banana है our least liked fruit. that elephant है my least favorite animal. california है rainy during winter , but it है कभी-कभी busy in november. the united states है never beautiful during july , and it है usually nice in august. china है शांत during september , but it है mild in april. the grape है his least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है your least liked. india है nice during july , and it है never freezing in march. your least favorite fruit है the pear , but their least favorite है the banana. paris है usually mild during march , and it है usually relaxing in autumn. she likes oranges , lemons , and pears. france है warm during fall , and it है usually rainy in december. the united states है never wet during august , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in february. the lemon है her most loved fruit , but the peach है his most loved. china है never dry during october , but it है chilly in december. the united states है कभी-कभी nice during may , but it है कभी-कभी mild in march. china है कभी-कभी cold during january , but it है chilly in fall. california है usually chilly during winter , and it है कभी-कभी busy in autumn. your favorite fruit है the banana , but his favorite है the lemon. my favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but her favorite है the banana. france है usually freezing during november , and it है never rainy in may. paris है usually relaxing during june , but it है never pleasant in fall. china है कभी-कभी cold during july , but it है freezing in spring. the united states है never chilly during december , but it है usually beautiful in autumn. california है कभी-कभी beautiful during fall , but it है cold in july. india है pleasant during august , but it है usually chilly in october. france है usually pleasant during august , and it है never warm in summer. the united states है never dry during august , and it है never mild in november. the united states है कभी-कभी hot during november , but it है never wonderful in june. france है usually wet during winter , but it है freezing in fall. india है nice during november , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in october. the united states है कभी-कभी शांत during january , but it है hot in fall. france है कभी-कभी rainy during december , and it है कभी-कभी cold in april. california है कभी-कभी relaxing during october , and it है usually mild in january. why didn't they go to नई जर्सी ? she likes mangoes , peaches , and lemons. he dislikes strawberries , bananas , and peaches. china है never hot during fall , but it है never nice in march. india है कभी-कभी hot during march , but it है never wonderful in fall. china है कभी-कभी warm during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी wet in september. they like pears , peaches , and bananas. i plan to visit france in february. france है कभी-कभी nice during autumn , and it है never mild in may. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी mild during december , and it है कभी-कभी warm in fall. their favorite fruit है the orange , but his favorite है the grapefruit. paris है never rainy during winter , and it है usually beautiful in april. paris है कभी-कभी snowy during spring , and it है cold in september. the mango है his least liked fruit , but the banana है your least liked. your most loved animal है the dog. india है pleasant during february , and it है कभी-कभी mild in december. my favorite fruit है the mango , but her favorite है the apple. france है कभी-कभी hot during may , and it है never cold in july. नई जर्सी है never शांत during may , and it है never pleasant in february. she dislikes bananas , grapes , and pears. we like bananas , limes , and mangoes. the apple है my least favorite fruit , but the peach है our least favorite. the united states है never freezing during spring , and it है कभी-कभी nice in september. paris है कभी-कभी rainy during july , but it है never freezing in october. you like limes , bananas , and oranges. the united states है कभी-कभी hot during june , and it है usually warm in may. your least favorite fruit है the pear , but my least favorite है the lemon. the cat है his most feared animal. china है usually beautiful during spring , and it है never dry in may. she dislikes pears , apples , and grapefruit. the united states है कभी-कभी cold during april , and it है कभी-कभी hot in november. his least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but your least favorite है the peach. my least favorite fruit है the lemon , but his least favorite है the peach. she dislikes limes , oranges , and peaches. she dislikes pears , bananas , and oranges. california है usually relaxing during summer , but it है usually pleasant in autumn. नई जर्सी है never relaxing during october , but it है never wonderful in february. नई जर्सी है hot during august , but it है कभी-कभी busy in february. her least favorite fruit है the orange , but his least favorite है the grapefruit. the mango है your least favorite fruit , but the lemon है his least favorite. the apple है your least liked fruit , but the mango है our least liked. नई जर्सी है wonderful during summer , and it है usually wet in march. paris है कभी-कभी dry during july , but it है pleasant in march. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during march , but it है never pleasant in february. paris है beautiful during september , and it है never rainy in january. paris है never beautiful during january , and it है cold in november. she likes mangoes , strawberries , and limes. his least favorite fruit है the orange , but your least favorite है the grape. the strawberry है his favorite fruit , but the lime है their favorite. the bird है his most loved animal. she likes apples , oranges , and grapes. paris है कभी-कभी chilly during october , and it है never wonderful in june. नई जर्सी है relaxing during april , but it है usually nice in october. california है nice during august , and it है never relaxing in autumn. china है hot during may , but it है कभी-कभी busy in august. my favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but her favorite है the peach. india है never pleasant during autumn , and it है never शांत in february. india है never snowy during may , but it है कभी-कभी busy in march. india है usually relaxing during january , and it है never busy in may. china है never pleasant during september , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in april. she dislikes that shiny black automobile. paris है कभी-कभी wonderful during april , but it है usually chilly in november. their least liked fruit है the lime , but his least liked है the lemon. paris है nice during august , but it है usually शांत in autumn. i dislike peaches , oranges , and grapes. california है pleasant during january , and it है usually busy in summer. he dislikes pears and grapes. the strawberry है their least favorite fruit , but the orange है your least favorite. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी dry during december , but it है usually शांत in october. they like pears , mangoes , and bananas. india है never snowy during summer , and it है never chilly in august. the mango है my least liked fruit , but the banana है our least liked. his least liked fruit है the lemon , but their least liked है the pear. india है usually शांत during august , but it है usually snowy in autumn. your most loved animals were dogs. you like strawberries , oranges , and lemons. california है शांत during june , but it है rainy in summer. their least liked fruit है the strawberry , but my least liked है the grapefruit. india है कभी-कभी nice during november , but it है never mild in august. नई जर्सी है relaxing during winter , but it है never busy in january. i dislike pears , apples , and limes. india है कभी-कभी wet during summer , and it है usually dry in july. the rabbit was her most feared animal. paris है warm during spring , but it है never शांत in july. नई जर्सी है never pleasant during summer , and it है usually hot in april. the peach है our least liked fruit , but the lemon है your least liked. the banana है his least favorite fruit , but the grape है my least favorite. california है freezing during spring , but it है warm in autumn. he dislikes strawberries , mangoes , and lemons. he liked the big black car. the united states है never pleasant during february , but it है relaxing in april. he dislikes oranges , peaches , and mangoes. california है never relaxing during june , and it है usually शांत in january. नई जर्सी है mild during february , but it है कभी-कभी dry in april. paris है never mild during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in february. he likes bananas and apples. california है never chilly during february , and it है never relaxing in july. the orange है his least liked fruit , but the pear है their least liked. the banana है my favorite fruit , but the apple है her favorite. california है usually relaxing during january , and it है कभी-कभी wet in autumn. they dislike lemons , oranges , and peaches. france है hot during november , but it है usually snowy in fall. california है कभी-कभी dry during september , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in february. she likes oranges , grapefruit , and mangoes. you like lemons , limes , and strawberries. california है freezing during autumn , but it है never snowy in april. her most loved fruit है the grape , but your most loved है the lime. the pear है our favorite fruit , but the grape है your favorite. they like bananas , apples , and oranges. his most loved fruit है the apple , but our most loved है the lemon. नई जर्सी है wonderful during may , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in april. the united states है कभी-कभी wet during september , and it है usually cold in autumn. your least liked fruit है the grape , but his least liked है the peach. he was driving that old white car. india है usually busy during june , and it है usually wonderful in december. नई जर्सी है never snowy during winter , but it है कभी-कभी cold in january. she dislikes that नई yellow car. her least favorite animal was this snake. he dislikes lemons , peaches , and bananas. india है कभी-कभी beautiful during march , but it है never chilly in july. the united states है never chilly during september , but it है कभी-कभी cold in april. california है never wonderful during august , but it है never beautiful in december. the mango है our most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है their most loved. india है never chilly during november , but it है wonderful in september. france है usually dry during march , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in october. they dislike lemons , pears , and grapefruit. the united states है never pleasant during june , but it है कभी-कभी warm in february. their least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but your least favorite है the mango. california है snowy during june , and it है usually pleasant in july. he likes a shiny black car. the lemon है my favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है his favorite. the mango है your least liked fruit , but the strawberry है my least liked. they went to india. india है never warm during july , and it है usually rainy in april. his least liked fruit है the orange , but their least liked है the grapefruit. china है usually mild during summer , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in autumn. she likes bananas , grapes , and pears. france है never relaxing during august , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in november. the pear है his most loved fruit , but the strawberry है your most loved. नई जर्सी है usually pleasant during fall , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in march. our least favorite fruit है the peach , but your least favorite है the lemon. she likes peaches , pears , and bananas. नई जर्सी है usually शांत during march , but it है never pleasant in autumn. the united states है कभी-कभी cold during winter , and it है dry in october. the united states है usually pleasant during september , but it है कभी-कभी nice in january. i think it's difficult to translate spanish to portuguese. she went to paris last winter. her least favorite fruit है the lemon , but their least favorite है the lime. your least liked fruit है the banana , but my least liked है the orange. you dislike peaches , grapes , and pears. नई जर्सी है warm during winter , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in fall. our favorite fruit है the lemon , but my favorite है the apple. he drives the shiny green car. france है usually pleasant during november , and it है usually rainy in december. their least favorite fruit है the peach , but my least favorite है the grapefruit. china है कभी-कभी freezing during july , but it है usually snowy in february. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी rainy during october , but it है beautiful in january. the pear है his least liked fruit , but the grape है her least liked. नई जर्सी है never beautiful during january , and it है warm in july. our favorite fruit है the grape , but her favorite है the apple. her least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but his least favorite है the orange. the peach है her least liked fruit , but the apple है my least liked. china है शांत during february , and it है usually rainy in january. the united states है usually snowy during winter , and it है usually relaxing in spring. france है never शांत during january , and it है relaxing in summer. my favorite fruit है the banana , but her favorite है the apple. she disliked that big yellow car. we like apples , lemons , and grapefruit. india है कभी-कभी dry during april , but it है never pleasant in autumn. paris है never freezing during february , but it है कभी-कभी dry in june. california है cold during september , and it है शांत in november. the peach है my least favorite fruit , but the lime है his least favorite. paris है usually warm during june , and it है freezing in march. the united states है never chilly during june , and it है mild in august. she likes apples and lemons. he likes peaches , limes , and bananas. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी शांत during autumn , but it है snowy in october. my most loved fruit है the pear , but his most loved है the strawberry. our least favorite fruit है the lemon , but their least favorite है the lime. he likes strawberries , peaches , and mangoes. the united states है pleasant during may , but it है never freezing in september. he plans to visit california in march. india है usually hot during september , but it है busy in february. the orange है their least favorite fruit , but the apple है your least favorite. they like lemons , peaches , and grapefruit. he dislikes strawberries , pears , and lemons. the united states है cold during may , but it है usually hot in october. china है usually chilly during spring , but it है usually शांत in april. he saw the rusty green car. my least favorite fruit है the banana , but their least favorite है the pear. his most loved fruit है the lemon , but their most loved है the grapefruit. california है usually busy during june , but it है usually wet in march. india है usually dry during april , and it है usually nice in december. you dislike grapefruit and peaches. paris है usually freezing during november , and it है dry in summer. the pear है your least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है our least favorite. the grape है my favorite fruit , but the banana है your favorite. she likes pears , peaches , and mangoes. india है कभी-कभी busy during september , and it है usually snowy in june. china है usually wonderful during july , but it है शांत in may. paris है never busy during june , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in october. she dislikes pears , bananas , and grapes. paris है beautiful during july , but it है usually freezing in september. france है usually relaxing during april , but it है कभी-कभी nice in november. my favorite fruit है the banana , but your favorite है the apple. the united states है शांत during summer , and it है never dry in autumn. she likes peaches , oranges , and mangoes. paris है never rainy during september , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in january. he drove the big red truck. paris है rainy during autumn , but it है relaxing in october. he likes limes , strawberries , and bananas. the pear है his least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है our least liked. the grapefruit है his favorite fruit , but the orange है our favorite. नई जर्सी है never busy during autumn , and it है usually wet in july. california है कभी-कभी wonderful during july , but it है शांत in august. china है never wet during may , but it है busy in january. she likes that नई green car. france है usually rainy during july , and it है never cold in spring. their least favorite fruit है the lime , but my least favorite है the peach. the lime है my least liked fruit , but the strawberry है his least liked. he likes apples , oranges , and grapefruit. he dislikes apples , pears , and grapefruit. france है busy during november , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in september. the pear है my most loved fruit , but the strawberry है your most loved. she disliked the big red truck. paris है never busy during july , and it है never wonderful in october. the united states है usually wonderful during winter , and it है never mild in summer. france है कभी-कभी nice during january , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in winter. the peach है your favorite fruit , but the lime है her favorite. she likes a little green automobile. the united states है कभी-कभी snowy during april , and it है warm in january. france है usually शांत during april , but it है nice in march. नई जर्सी है usually busy during december , and it है never snowy in june. her least liked fruit है the lemon , but our least liked है the banana. france है never busy during february , and it है relaxing in january. he dislikes pears , strawberries , and lemons. india है never rainy during february , and it है snowy in november. india है कभी-कभी शांत during july , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in april. california है never nice during winter , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in august. paris है never mild during december , but it है कभी-कभी cold in august. paris है usually cold during december , but it है chilly in november. france है usually rainy during winter , but it है busy in january. i dislike pears , strawberries , and peaches. paris है usually snowy during april , and it है never शांत in may. california है never beautiful during february , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in winter. नई जर्सी है usually relaxing during june , and it है beautiful in autumn. the united states है never snowy during may , but it है never wonderful in winter. paris है wet during october , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in summer. you dislike oranges , limes , and lemons. the peach है your least favorite fruit , but the lime है my least favorite. he was driving that shiny black car. paris है relaxing during february , but it है usually hot in january. india है कभी-कभी wonderful during december , but it है कभी-कभी hot in may. china है usually snowy during november , and it है usually dry in february. paris है usually pleasant during october , and it है never wet in september. he likes bananas , limes , and grapefruit. california है कभी-कभी cold during spring , and it है never dry in winter. india है warm during march , and it है cold in fall. india है busy during august , but it है never rainy in april. you dislike oranges , lemons , and mangoes. france है usually cold during april , but it है wet in may. she was driving a little white automobile. नई जर्सी है usually hot during summer , but it है शांत in november. california है never chilly during summer , but it है hot in winter. china है usually cold during spring , but it है usually freezing in august. china है never relaxing during october , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in spring. नई जर्सी है usually freezing during july , and it है कभी-कभी nice in april. pears are your least liked fruit. france है dry during december , but it है never शांत in april. california है nice during february , and it है rainy in march. the united states है usually chilly during march , and it है कभी-कभी wet in january. the united states है कभी-कभी शांत during june , and it है never pleasant in july. china है usually cold during may , but it है usually rainy in spring. the lemon है her favorite fruit , but the apple है our favorite. she disliked a rusty white truck. india है शांत during april , and it है never warm in august. the united states है mild during summer , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in winter. her least favorite fruit है the mango , but our least favorite है the pear. france है never beautiful during may , but it है wonderful in october. the united states है never pleasant during july , and it है rainy in august. china है कभी-कभी शांत during december , and it है never wet in october. china है never mild during august , and it है usually busy in summer. they like grapefruit , apples , and bananas. their most loved fruit है the peach , but my most loved है the orange. the united states है usually relaxing during november , and it है usually chilly in may. the peach है our favorite fruit , but the grape है her favorite. they are going to नई जर्सी next fall. california है warm during august , but it है nice in july. france है never rainy during february , but it है never dry in august. india है never nice during december , but it है usually hot in january. her most feared animal was that lion. california है कभी-कभी snowy during august , and it है शांत in july. his most feared animals are snakes. the lemon है their most loved fruit , but the pear है our most loved. the peach है my most loved fruit , but the pear है your most loved. the united states है कभी-कभी relaxing during march , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in september. your least favorite fruit है the mango , but their least favorite है the peach. the orange है my favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है our favorite. india है busy during august , and it है freezing in february. her most feared animal है that dog. her least favorite animal है that lion. they dislike mangoes , grapes , and peaches. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during winter , and it है शांत in autumn. california है never wet during september , but it है usually chilly in november. paris है कभी-कभी mild during spring , and it है कभी-कभी dry in winter. my least liked fruit है the lemon , but his least liked है the apple. the united states है never dry during june , but it है rainy in october. california है never busy during autumn , but it है usually शांत in summer. my favorite fruit है the apple , but his favorite है the grapefruit. he dislikes limes , apples , and oranges. he likes bananas , pears , and oranges. his most loved fruit है the pear , but her most loved है the lemon. the strawberry है your favorite fruit , but the orange है her favorite. china है rainy during may , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in april. he likes lemons , mangoes , and pears. france है usually nice during april , but it है cold in spring. their favorite fruit है the apple , but my favorite है the strawberry. the mango है our favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है their favorite. india है busy during september , but it है कभी-कभी hot in february. the united states है usually snowy during fall , but it है dry in september. france है usually relaxing during september , and it है usually hot in august. she saw the shiny yellow car. you like strawberries , pears , and lemons. china है never rainy during october , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in february. california है कभी-कभी warm during december , and it है beautiful in august. india है never mild during summer , and it है कभी-कभी nice in february. नई जर्सी है hot during spring , but it है कभी-कभी warm in april. the strawberry है her favorite fruit , but the lemon है my favorite. india है usually snowy during march , but it है usually cold in february. the united states है usually snowy during december , but it है never wonderful in winter. france है never busy during spring , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in fall. my least liked fruit है the apple , but his least liked है the pear. the grapefruit है her most loved fruit , but the apple है my most loved. france है chilly during spring , and it है कभी-कभी warm in september. the orange है his favorite fruit , but the mango है their favorite. he dislikes a little red truck. he likes peaches , bananas , and lemons. paris है कभी-कभी freezing during january , and it है usually शांत in september. we like grapes , strawberries , and grapefruit. france है usually शांत during august , but it है usually freezing in fall. he wants to go to california next december. my most loved fruit है the banana , but their most loved है the orange. the banana है their least liked fruit , but the strawberry है her least liked. नई जर्सी है usually nice during september , and it है शांत in july. नई जर्सी है mild during spring , but it है usually nice in january. do you think translating between spanish and portuguese है easy ? our most loved fruit है the grapefruit. we dislike limes , grapes , and strawberries. france है कभी-कभी cold during april , but it है usually warm in january. her favorite fruit है the grape , but their favorite है the mango. india है never cold during august , and it है कभी-कभी nice in summer. france है कभी-कभी rainy during september , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in june. the banana है their least liked fruit , but the apple है his least liked. he dislikes peaches , lemons , and strawberries. france है कभी-कभी nice during summer , but it है usually warm in autumn. china है never chilly during september , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in april. india है कभी-कभी cold during autumn , and it है usually busy in december. the united states है शांत during winter , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in june. paris है कभी-कभी warm during march , but it है usually nice in august. india है usually busy during december , but it है कभी-कभी dry in january. paris है usually wet during spring , but it है never cold in june. the banana है her least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है his least liked. india है usually nice during september , but it है never dry in may. they are going to नई जर्सी next autumn. china है usually warm during autumn , and it है freezing in september. my most loved fruit है the mango , but our most loved है the apple. she likes oranges , strawberries , and lemons. the strawberry है my favorite fruit , but the pear है his favorite. india है never pleasant during autumn , and it है snowy in winter. i like oranges , pears , and grapefruit. the grapefruit है her least favorite fruit , but the banana है his least favorite. my most loved fruit है the pear , but your most loved है the strawberry. the mango है our favorite fruit. california है never wet during may , and it है never mild in winter. his least favorite fruit है the grape , but our least favorite है the lemon. california है nice during february , but it है never beautiful in july. india है wonderful during december , and it है never chilly in november. my favorite fruit है the peach , but his favorite है the lime. california है कभी-कभी wet during december , but it है never cold in january. india है pleasant during february , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in spring. she plans to visit नई जर्सी next june. he dislikes limes , mangoes , and oranges. we like grapes , apples , and strawberries. the united states है wet during june , and it है never hot in fall. he thinks translating between english and french है easy. california है pleasant during summer , but it है never freezing in november. paris है wet during october , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in april. france है rainy during may , and it है usually beautiful in september. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during spring , but it है never rainy in february. california है freezing during september , and it है wonderful in fall. india है chilly during july , but it है कभी-कभी wet in winter. he saw that नई black truck. she likes lemons , mangoes , and strawberries. india है कभी-कभी rainy during september , but it है usually chilly in june. our most loved fruit है the pear , but their most loved है the strawberry. the grape है my least liked fruit , but the peach है their least liked. china है कभी-कभी snowy during spring , but it है usually freezing in august. the apple है my most loved fruit , but the lemon है their most loved. paris है usually relaxing during march , but it है nice in may. the grapefruit है her most loved fruit , but the peach है his most loved. your least favorite fruit है the lime , but his least favorite है the orange. his most loved fruit है the peach , but our most loved है the pear. your most loved fruit है the peach , but his most loved है the apple. he disliked that rusty yellow truck. their least liked fruit है the banana , but my least liked है the orange. he plans to visit the united states in january. paris है कभी-कभी chilly during september , and it है wet in december. their favorite fruit है the lime , but your favorite है the mango. china है usually mild during march , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in september. paris है कभी-कभी freezing during november , but it है usually chilly in fall. your most feared animal was that shark. china है never freezing during february , and it है nice in september. he likes limes , oranges , and lemons. india है never wet during august , but it है chilly in november. india है कभी-कभी शांत during december , and it है कभी-कभी wet in spring. france है usually chilly during may , but it है relaxing in june. her least liked fruit है the lime , but their least liked है the apple. we like strawberries and pears. california है usually busy during june , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in december. the grapefruit है her most loved fruit. our least liked fruit है the peach , but my least liked है the lemon. india है beautiful during august , and it है usually relaxing in june. paris है कभी-कभी freezing during february , but it है rainy in october. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी cold during september , and it है कभी-कभी wet in november. india है कभी-कभी wet during november , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in autumn. paris है कभी-कभी chilly during fall , but it है rainy in winter. नई जर्सी है nice during may , but it है relaxing in autumn. california है warm during april , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in may. paris है usually warm during summer , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in march. paris है कभी-कभी dry during september , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in april. paris है never wet during october , but it है never beautiful in february. do you like the united states ? paris है rainy during february , and it है hot in june. the banana है your least favorite fruit , but the lemon है my least favorite. the united states है never mild during february , but it है usually rainy in spring. he likes apples , mangoes , and grapefruit. he dislikes oranges , peaches , and grapes. california है usually beautiful during april , but it है never chilly in december. the united states है busy during july , and it है usually beautiful in december. she dislikes limes , peaches , and lemons. china है कभी-कभी chilly during august , but it है usually wonderful in january. france है usually wonderful during december , and it है cold in summer. you dislike bananas , oranges , and apples. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during september , and it है never dry in march. france है cold during april , but it है usually pleasant in september. the united states है never relaxing during spring , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in december. she likes strawberries , grapefruit , and grapes. नई जर्सी है usually शांत during february , but it है usually relaxing in december. we dislike grapefruit , apples , and pears. california है never warm during august , and it है usually hot in october. china है usually rainy during november , and it है warm in december. california है never rainy during february , but it है usually busy in may. france है never beautiful during summer , but it है usually snowy in january. china है usually beautiful during april , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in summer. paris है hot during summer , and it है never शांत in autumn. your least liked fruit है the peach , but our least liked है the strawberry. नई जर्सी है wonderful during fall , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in september. they like peaches and lemons. china है wet during november , but it है never snowy in january. the united states है rainy during august , and it है कभी-कभी wet in december. the orange है your most loved fruit , but the apple है his most loved. we like limes , peaches , and bananas. india है never dry during november , and it है beautiful in summer. california है कभी-कभी beautiful during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in september. california है never snowy during spring , and it है usually cold in summer. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी cold during february , but it है usually mild in september. the peach है your most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है our most loved. would you like to go the eiffel tower ? india है कभी-कभी nice during may , and it है never pleasant in winter. he likes limes , oranges , and mangoes. नई जर्सी है usually शांत during february , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in fall. she likes that rusty green automobile. i like peaches , pears , and apples. france है कभी-कभी freezing during fall , but it है never snowy in september. their least favorite fruit है the pear , but his least favorite है the strawberry. california है कभी-कभी mild during may , and it है कभी-कभी hot in december. india है कभी-कभी beautiful during may , but it है never warm in february. the united states है never wet during summer , and it है कभी-कभी busy in march. i like grapefruit , lemons , and peaches. the united states है कभी-कभी wet during december , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in summer. we like strawberries , limes , and mangoes. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी freezing during july , but it है never wet in february. the united states है never pleasant during autumn , but it है never cold in december. india है never शांत during april , and it है usually wet in march. france है कभी-कभी mild during february , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in fall. she likes oranges , mangoes , and limes. the united states है never hot during summer , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in november. she है driving the rusty red car. china है कभी-कभी warm during spring , but it है never nice in fall. नई जर्सी है wet during august , and it है usually dry in summer. china है कभी-कभी nice during autumn , but it है usually rainy in april. his least favorite fruit है the peach , but your least favorite है the banana. france है never busy during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in may. she dislikes mangoes , apples , and grapefruit. china है busy during summer , and it है beautiful in january. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during june , and it है usually wet in fall. paris है mild during april , but it है usually snowy in autumn. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी warm during summer , but it है never beautiful in april. india है rainy during winter , and it है कभी-कभी warm in january. we dislike lemons and limes. china है कभी-कभी wet during spring , but it है never relaxing in december. our least liked fruit है the mango , but his least liked है the grape. the pear है my most loved fruit , but the orange है your most loved. the united states है कभी-कभी rainy during april , and it है usually cold in summer. the united states है कभी-कभी mild during august , and it है usually warm in autumn. california है rainy during december , but it है pleasant in october. his least favorite animal was that elephant. the strawberry है his most loved fruit , but the banana है her most loved. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी busy during winter , and it है nice in summer. her favorite fruit है the grape , but my favorite है the peach. the banana है our most loved fruit , but the mango है her most loved. california है usually beautiful during march , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in february. we dislike grapefruit and oranges. china है never hot during october , and it है chilly in fall. india है usually freezing during july , but it है usually warm in spring. नई जर्सी है dry during autumn , but it है rainy in summer. his least favorite fruit है the grape , but their least favorite है the grapefruit. california है कभी-कभी pleasant during july , and it है never nice in spring. the strawberry है our least liked fruit , but the mango है your least liked. he disliked a old red truck. his most feared animal है the bird. paris है mild during september , but it है usually nice in june. my least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but her least favorite है the lemon. she likes a little red car. the mango है my least liked fruit , but the grape है their least liked. paris है usually dry during july , and it है never snowy in january. he likes lemons , pears , and oranges. the grapefruit है your favorite fruit , but the lime है their favorite. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी nice during september , but it है mild in february. the lemon है our most loved fruit , but the pear है their most loved. china है usually snowy during winter , and it है rainy in june. india है never warm during december , and it है never relaxing in september. california है freezing during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी hot in january. your least liked fruit है the peach , but my least liked है the grape. the united states है never rainy during january , but it है never शांत in may. china है never dry during summer , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in may. india है never dry during november , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in summer. india है कभी-कभी busy during february , but it है never wet in fall. they dislike pears , grapes , and limes. the pear है my least liked fruit , but the lemon है our least liked. lemons are your least liked fruit. california है never wet during march , but it है never dry in summer. france है शांत during winter , but it है hot in fall. china है usually busy during september , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in october. that lion was her favorite animal. she likes that big blue truck. she drove that little blue truck. india है कभी-कभी cold during august , and it है never beautiful in fall. why didn't we go to paris ? the united states है never mild during september , and it है कभी-कभी cold in october. china है कभी-कभी freezing during march , but it है wonderful in may. she dislikes grapefruit , peaches , and oranges. france है chilly during august , and it है usually hot in april. her least liked fruit है the lime , but my least liked है the grape. paris है कभी-कभी chilly during june , but it है कभी-कभी busy in may. india है usually relaxing during spring , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in february. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during june , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in january. the united states है कभी-कभी beautiful during december , and it है usually wonderful in autumn. she है going to france next november. california है wet during september , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in winter. नई जर्सी है beautiful during spring , and it है never nice in october. our most loved fruit है the lime , but his most loved है the orange. i like limes , oranges , and peaches. the pear है their least liked fruit , but the grape है my least liked. you dislike grapes , limes , and lemons. नई जर्सी है never warm during february , but it है कभी-कभी wet in october. their most loved fruit है the peach , but his most loved है the banana. the orange है her least favorite fruit , but the banana है my least favorite. the united states है never शांत during winter , but it है never rainy in september. california है कभी-कभी hot during september , but it है कभी-कभी cold in june. we dislike lemons , bananas , and peaches. she dislikes oranges , grapes , and mangoes. नई जर्सी है mild during october , but it है कभी-कभी nice in march. paris है never busy during autumn , but it है usually dry in february. she likes big bananas. paris है relaxing during spring , and it है usually pleasant in fall. they dislike oranges , bananas , and pears. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी chilly during november , and it है never शांत in june. china है never dry during summer , and it है rainy in july. she है driving the little blue truck. china है usually snowy during march , but it है usually wonderful in may. he dislikes grapefruit , peaches , and oranges. india है nice during december , and it है never busy in july. paris है warm during july , but it है usually beautiful in fall. she dislikes oranges , peaches , and strawberries. california है warm during august , and it है mild in february. the mango है her least favorite fruit , but the banana है my least favorite. नई जर्सी है hot during may , but it है never wonderful in march. नई जर्सी है usually शांत during january , and it है never hot in august. france है never cold during spring , and it है snowy in fall. नई जर्सी है usually शांत during february , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in january. india है कभी-कभी freezing during february , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in winter. california है usually wet during february , but it है never freezing in september. india है never warm during december , and it है usually dry in august. he likes grapes , lemons , and mangoes. the lime है our favorite fruit , but the strawberry है her favorite. paris है wet during august , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in may. the united states है कभी-कभी warm during june , and it है never mild in march. i like limes , peaches , and grapes. नई जर्सी है never relaxing during december , and it है never chilly in july. china है never dry during september , but it है nice in fall. she dislikes limes , strawberries , and bananas. india है usually freezing during june , and it है never wonderful in march. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी freezing during november , and it है never beautiful in fall. i dislike pears , bananas , and grapes. california है nice during october , but it है freezing in september. the united states है pleasant during august , and it है never chilly in july. france है कभी-कभी nice during july , and it है never snowy in june. नई जर्सी है rainy during july , and it है never hot in january. नई जर्सी है rainy during april , but it है freezing in january. their least liked fruit है the grape , but your least liked है the lemon. the united states है wet during june , and it है never warm in fall. the lime है her least favorite fruit , but the apple है your least favorite. india है कभी-कभी warm during winter , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in march. paris है कभी-कभी warm during winter , but it है never relaxing in october. paris है कभी-कभी chilly during june , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in april. china है usually busy during may , and it है never cold in winter. california है mild during summer , and it है never relaxing in winter. would they like to go the eiffel tower ? you dislike bananas , lemons , and peaches. china है never rainy during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी cold in april. नई जर्सी है usually beautiful during june , and it है dry in october. india है कभी-कभी wet during winter , and it है usually mild in september. the grape है his least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है their least favorite. the peach है her least favorite fruit , but the orange है your least favorite. china है never pleasant during fall , but it है never rainy in april. my least favorite fruit है the banana , but her least favorite है the mango. india है never snowy during spring , but it है never beautiful in october. नई जर्सी है mild during fall , and it है chilly in january. california है कभी-कभी pleasant during september , and it है never warm in may. india है nice during april , and it है never wonderful in january. she dislikes grapes , mangoes , and limes. she likes grapes and grapefruit. india है कभी-कभी शांत during october , and it है never cold in february. he likes bananas and grapefruit. she likes mangoes , pears , and oranges. california है busy during august , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in april. france है कभी-कभी busy during november , and it है never snowy in fall. her least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but his least liked है the peach. california है usually wet during spring , and it है freezing in june. she dislikes peaches , strawberries , and mangoes. why aren't you going to france ? she dislikes lemons , limes , and strawberries. france है कभी-कभी dry during may , and it है usually busy in june. she likes bananas , grapes , and lemons. he likes apples , strawberries , and grapefruit. नई जर्सी है never freezing during july , but it है usually relaxing in april. india है कभी-कभी nice during september , but it है usually wet in january. france है hot during spring , but it है usually nice in autumn. india है never शांत during spring , and it है nice in july. your most loved fruit है the apple , but her most loved है the lemon. california है कभी-कभी warm during august , but it है never freezing in april. france है usually nice during february , but it है relaxing in autumn. your most feared animals were cats. she drives that rusty green truck. that rabbit है my least favorite animal. california है कभी-कभी freezing during march , but it है beautiful in august. paris है wonderful during autumn , but it है relaxing in fall. नई जर्सी है never wet during december , and it है कभी-कभी dry in spring. our least favorite fruit है the banana , but their least favorite है the apple. california है mild during may , and it है usually busy in winter. california है wet during august. he likes oranges , mangoes , and lemons. नई जर्सी है pleasant during october , but it है chilly in winter. california है never mild during march , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in december. our favorite fruit है the peach , but their favorite है the orange. france है usually dry during summer , but it है never warm in fall. his least favorite fruit है the apple , but our least favorite है the lemon. paris है कभी-कभी wonderful during summer , and it है कभी-कभी hot in july. the united states है wet during september , and it है freezing in december. the lime है our least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है his least favorite. the united states है never pleasant during february , and it है wet in july. her most loved fruit है the strawberry , but your most loved है the lime. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wonderful during april , but it है wet in october. my most loved fruit है the peach , but his most loved है the lemon. france है usually cold during february , but it है usually busy in november. he likes strawberries and grapes. france है never freezing during june , and it है never mild in march. we plan to visit india next summer. india है never chilly during january , but it है never cold in september. our favorite fruit है the mango , but your favorite है the peach. she dislikes grapes , limes , and lemons. we like peaches , bananas , and strawberries. california है कभी-कभी beautiful during autumn , but it है never snowy in summer. he dislikes strawberries , grapefruit , and oranges. france है nice during summer , and it है never mild in january. the mango है their least liked fruit , but the pear है our least liked. india है कभी-कभी शांत during october , but it है usually busy in june. india है कभी-कभी chilly during november , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in march. their least favorite fruit है the banana , but my least favorite है the lime. she liked a shiny white car. china है never शांत during july , but it है never mild in spring. paris है wonderful during fall , and it है usually pleasant in november. the strawberry है your least liked fruit , but the lime है our least liked. we dislike grapefruit , oranges , and strawberries. france है usually beautiful during september , and it है usually शांत in november. india है never rainy during spring , and it है usually nice in october. they might go to paris next spring. our favorite fruit है the apple , but their favorite है the grapefruit. my least favorite fruit है the apple , but his least favorite है the pear. china है कभी-कभी dry during fall , and it है usually शांत in autumn. i dislike limes , bananas , and peaches. their least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but her least favorite है the orange. your least favorite animals were rabbits. his most loved fruit है the banana , but their most loved है the grape. california है never beautiful during april , and it है dry in may. his least liked fruit है the banana , but your least liked है the strawberry. their least liked fruit है the pear , but her least liked है the mango. नई जर्सी है nice during january , but it है usually busy in winter. the mango है your favorite fruit , but the apple है my favorite. she liked a rusty yellow truck. this snake was his most feared animal. the lime है his most loved fruit , but the banana है their most loved. france है कभी-कभी nice during summer , and it है कभी-कभी wet in spring. the mango है his least liked fruit , but the lime है your least liked. the apple है her most loved fruit , but the grape है their most loved. california है usually cold during april , but it है hot in may. he plans to visit the united states next november. india है snowy during september , and it है usually chilly in spring. the peach है her favorite fruit , but the lemon है your favorite. their favorite fruit है the peach , but your favorite है the grape. paris है dry during june , but it है usually relaxing in september. france है कभी-कभी busy during december , but it है never rainy in april. the mango है her least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है your least liked. नई जर्सी है usually wet during september , and it है never wonderful in june. china है usually pleasant during winter , and it है rainy in january. california है कभी-कभी freezing during july , but it है never busy in fall. they like limes , bananas , and peaches. india है never wonderful during april , and it है कभी-कभी dry in winter. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during july , but it है usually beautiful in spring. paris है never cold during january , and it है कभी-कभी warm in july. he dislikes oranges and peaches. paris है never wonderful during march , but it है usually cold in june. california है never relaxing during july , but it है शांत in may. china है usually nice during fall , but it है usually शांत in october. india है wet during february , but it है कभी-कभी warm in spring. california है usually chilly during october , and it है never pleasant in april. that lion was your least favorite animal. china है dry during february , and it है usually chilly in summer. china है usually busy during march , but it है hot in october. you dislike lemons , grapes , and pears. india है wet during summer , and it है never hot in june. her most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but our most loved है the peach. california है never pleasant during august , but it है never nice in fall. i like pears , strawberries , and peaches. she likes grapefruit , bananas , and lemons. india है usually beautiful during spring , but it है usually dry in january. i dislike lemons , oranges , and bananas. you dislike peaches , pears , and mangoes. she wanted to go to india last august. the pear है our most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है her most loved. the united states है usually beautiful during july , and it है usually warm in october. paris है कभी-कभी relaxing during december , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in may. we dislike grapes , limes , and bananas. the pear है our most loved fruit , but the peach है her most loved. the united states है कभी-कभी pleasant during winter , but it है कभी-कभी dry in june. our least favorite fruit है the orange , but my least favorite है the mango. china है never busy during january , and it है never warm in march. his least liked fruit है the lemon , but their least liked है the lime. the orange है my most loved fruit , but the pear है your most loved. california है beautiful during summer , and it है never शांत in november. it's difficult to translate portuguese to chinese. his favorite fruit है the orange , but her favorite है the pear. he likes limes , grapes , and lemons. our most loved fruit है the banana , but their most loved है the grape. the orange है my most loved fruit , but the banana है your most loved. the mango है his most loved fruit , but the pear है their most loved. they like peaches , lemons , and grapes. the grapefruit है my favorite fruit , but the apple है our favorite. she disliked a नई white car. the united states है never wet during february , but it है never wonderful in may. paris है never warm during january , but it है never nice in spring. india है snowy during january , and it है usually rainy in may. paris है usually cold during february , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in december. नई जर्सी है usually snowy during december , but it है usually busy in october. the united states है freezing during march , but it है pleasant in summer. she likes apples , mangoes , and pears. नई जर्सी है usually warm during summer , and it है hot in october. california है never wet during september , but it है freezing in october. his least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but their least favorite है the peach. she liked a नई red automobile. the mango है our least liked fruit , but the lemon है my least liked. the lemon है their most loved fruit , but the banana है his most loved. your favorite fruit है the peach , but his favorite है the grape. her least liked fruit है the orange , but their least liked है the strawberry. the united states है कभी-कभी शांत during autumn , and it है rainy in fall. the lemon है his favorite fruit , but the peach है her favorite. their favorite fruit है the strawberry , but her favorite है the lemon. california है pleasant during fall , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in winter. paris है never warm during winter , and it है never beautiful in january. paris है कभी-कभी mild during summer , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in january. she drove a नई red car. the lemon है her most loved fruit , but the banana है your most loved. china है snowy during april , but it है beautiful in december. i dislike bananas , apples , and strawberries. she dislikes that shiny black truck. paris है कभी-कभी rainy during april , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in may. india है usually freezing during winter , and it है never dry in autumn. your least favorite fruit है the apple , but our least favorite है the lime. we like grapes , pears , and apples. he likes grapes , lemons , and strawberries. the united states है usually dry during summer , and it है rainy in fall. the united states है wonderful during march , and it है कभी-कभी wet in january. the orange है our least favorite fruit , but the lime है my least favorite. india है usually nice during may , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in january. नई जर्सी है usually cold during december , and it है usually snowy in may. china है never cold during july , and it है chilly in autumn. the united states है busy during october , but it है rainy in march. the united states है कभी-कभी wonderful during june , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in autumn. india है usually pleasant during april , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in may. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी cold during autumn , and it है never warm in march. नई जर्सी है usually freezing during february , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in august. the orange है my favorite fruit. india है कभी-कभी busy during july , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in june. india है usually wonderful during april , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in february. the united states है mild during october , and it है rainy in spring. the orange है her most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है his most loved. california है hot during may , but it है usually beautiful in september. the united states है usually wonderful during july , but it है never warm in march. the lemon है my least favorite fruit , but the apple है her least favorite. the united states है chilly during august , but it है usually pleasant in june. he dislikes grapefruit , limes , and strawberries. france है usually relaxing during spring , but it है snowy in january. the grape है our least favorite fruit , but the apple है your least favorite. our least favorite fruit है the apple , but my least favorite है the pear. california है hot during march , but it है never शांत in fall. they dislike bananas , grapes , and limes. he likes pears , strawberries , and bananas. china है never rainy during winter , but it है usually busy in may. india है busy during december , and it है कभी-कभी warm in summer. his most feared animal है this bear. the orange है our least liked fruit , but the mango है my least liked. the united states है usually wonderful during may , and it है usually rainy in march. your favorite fruit है the grape , but our favorite है the grapefruit. paris है relaxing during march , but it है कभी-कभी hot in february. france है never pleasant during september , and it है शांत in october. france है usually warm during fall , but it है wet in autumn. her least liked fruit है the lemon , but their least liked है the apple. she wanted to go to france last spring. france है usually शांत during april , but it है usually cold in fall. she saw the shiny red automobile. नई जर्सी है pleasant during july , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in april. the peach है your most loved fruit , but the lemon है our most loved. he likes grapes , strawberries , and oranges. नई जर्सी है usually cold during november , but it है never warm in october. the peach है her least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है my least favorite. china है never pleasant during spring , and it है usually dry in july. california है never dry during fall , but it है never wonderful in autumn. how was your visit to china last autumn ? china है कभी-कभी chilly during may , but it है कभी-कभी cold in spring. india है never wet during autumn , and it है usually शांत in september. india है usually busy during autumn , and it है usually cold in october. france है never rainy during june , and it है कभी-कभी nice in november. paris है कभी-कभी busy during december , and it है never mild in autumn. china है never pleasant during spring , and it है कभी-कभी hot in november. the united states है chilly during february , and it है usually nice in fall. she dislikes apples , pears , and limes. china है never dry during september , but it है कभी-कभी busy in july. california है कभी-कभी dry during march , but it है कभी-कभी wet in fall. the lime है our favorite fruit , but the banana है his favorite. your most loved fruit है the banana , but their most loved है the mango. paris है कभी-कभी dry during fall , but it है usually nice in winter. he likes bananas , peaches , and oranges. paris है freezing during fall , and it है usually warm in june. the united states है warm during november , and it है wet in fall. नई जर्सी है warm during october , and it है usually hot in april. my favorite fruit है the lemon , but his favorite है the mango. france है usually freezing during september , and it है usually snowy in november. france है कभी-कभी pleasant during fall , but it है usually cold in march. you like pears , strawberries , and grapes. france है hot during fall , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in february. नई जर्सी है never busy during april , but it है hot in december. california है pleasant during august , but it है usually wonderful in july. her least favorite fruit है the grape , but my least favorite है the banana. she likes the rusty green car. france है कभी-कभी nice during august , but it है beautiful in july. he dislikes lemons , grapefruit , and grapes. china है usually beautiful during april , and it है usually hot in july. paris है never hot during june , and it है never warm in may. the united states है dry during february , but it है usually beautiful in september. he dislikes grapefruit , pears , and strawberries. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during august , but it है never relaxing in june. india है never chilly during january , and it है usually relaxing in december. paris है शांत during june , and it है never chilly in february. france है usually dry during winter , and it है never mild in july. india है never beautiful during summer , but it है कभी-कभी busy in november. the united states है wet during autumn , but it है never rainy in fall. france है कभी-कभी hot during march , and it है usually cold in september. the united states है never snowy during august , and it है usually nice in summer. you like pears , grapefruit , and peaches. the mango है her most loved fruit , but the peach है your most loved. our least liked fruit है the pear , but my least liked है the lime. they dislike mangoes , grapefruit , and strawberries. china है wonderful during march , and it है कभी-कभी dry in winter. नई जर्सी है usually hot during december , but it है usually mild in october. your most loved fruit है the pear , but his most loved है the lemon. he dislikes limes , pears , and grapefruit. his most loved fruit है the strawberry , but their most loved है the mango. she dislikes mangoes , oranges , and bananas. paris है wonderful during august , and it है कभी-कभी warm in april. she drove that big green car. she likes mangoes , peaches , and bananas. paris है chilly during may , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in november. the peach है our least liked fruit , but the strawberry है their least liked. california है relaxing during april , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in summer. the strawberry है my least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है our least favorite. नई जर्सी है relaxing during summer , and it है chilly in may. you dislike apples , limes , and strawberries. the united states है usually mild during summer , and it है never cold in january. he dislikes strawberries , grapefruit , and pears. their most loved fruit है the lime , but your most loved है the orange. california है usually beautiful during spring , and it है usually chilly in august. he plans to visit france in april. their most loved fruit है the banana , but your most loved है the apple. india है wet during december , and it है usually dry in january. india है beautiful during august , and it है usually rainy in october. she dislikes apples , pears , and grapefruit. he dislikes apples , grapes , and bananas. the orange है our least liked fruit , but the lemon है your least liked. paris है कभी-कभी hot during spring , but it है usually nice in october. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी chilly during october , and it है rainy in september. france है freezing during october , but it है never wonderful in summer. our least liked fruit है the pear , but your least liked है the grapefruit. france है never relaxing during may , and it है usually nice in fall. नई जर्सी है never chilly during winter , and it है usually hot in september. she drove a big black automobile. i dislike peaches , mangoes , and pears. china है usually pleasant during may , but it है usually snowy in january. our least favorite fruit है the orange , but their least favorite है the grapefruit. she dislikes limes , bananas , and pears. the orange है my favorite fruit , but the grape है their favorite. paris है never dry during spring , but it है chilly in january. california है कभी-कभी nice during january , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in december. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wet during autumn , and it है usually pleasant in december. they like pears , oranges , and grapes. the strawberry है your least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है our least favorite. india है usually wet during winter , and it है usually beautiful in january. नई जर्सी है never wonderful during fall , but it है usually snowy in july. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी rainy during september , but it है wonderful in january. paris है never pleasant during february , and it है wet in september. they dislike pears , apples , and peaches. they like grapes , mangoes , and bananas. she dislikes apples , grapes , and mangoes. india है never mild during may , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in winter. the apple है his most loved fruit , but the banana है my most loved. the united states है कभी-कभी warm during october , and it है dry in june. she drove that rusty yellow car. the united states है कभी-कभी शांत during autumn , but it है relaxing in june. the united states है कभी-कभी wonderful during may , and it है कभी-कभी nice in february. the mango है your favorite fruit , but the banana है their favorite. i dislike mangoes , lemons , and oranges. paris है pleasant during february , and it है never wet in october. california है usually cold during july , but it है never beautiful in march. he likes apples , bananas , and lemons. our favorite fruit है the peach , but his favorite है the lime. the united states है pleasant during december , and it है rainy in winter. he drove that shiny blue car. france है pleasant during autumn , and it है nice in june. the united states है never mild during autumn , but it है usually snowy in december. france है कभी-कभी शांत during fall , but it है never pleasant in july. our most loved fruit है the pear , but his most loved है the grapefruit. france है chilly during october , and it है usually wet in august. india है never cold during october , and it है कभी-कभी nice in summer. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी snowy during summer , and it है शांत in may. california है chilly during december , and it है never dry in march. she likes peaches , pears , and mangoes. his least favorite fruit है the banana , but our least favorite है the grape. my most feared animal was that monkey. she dislikes grapefruit , pears , and limes. paris है कभी-कभी snowy during october , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in november. california है never pleasant during june , but it है never शांत in summer. the peach है his least favorite fruit , but the lemon है her least favorite. the peach है your most loved fruit , but the banana है their most loved. the united states है hot during winter , and it है usually dry in spring. they dislike grapes , bananas , and mangoes. california है wonderful during december , but it है pleasant in february. your least favorite fruit है the peach. china है कभी-कभी nice during june , and it है कभी-कभी wet in august. your most loved fruit है the lime , but her most loved है the pear. their favorite fruit है the grape , but his favorite है the mango. france है chilly during january , but it है never warm in april. they are going to france next december. india है usually शांत during april , and it है never wonderful in autumn. paris है usually wonderful during december , and it है कभी-कभी dry in october. paris है never chilly during may , and it है pleasant in september. your least favorite fruit है the lemon , but their least favorite है the grape. your least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but our least favorite है the orange. he drove the old yellow automobile. his favorite animal है the rabbit. they went to paris last october. we like mangoes , grapefruit , and peaches. the united states है wonderful during may , and it है usually rainy in fall. france है usually busy during summer , but it है never rainy in june. india है कभी-कभी cold during april , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in autumn. india है usually chilly during october , but it है usually rainy in summer. california है usually wonderful during july , and it है usually mild in october. france है usually freezing during october , but it है busy in autumn. paris है never relaxing during february , but it है never warm in november. india है कभी-कभी snowy during august , and it है कभी-कभी nice in may. her favorite fruit है the banana , but our favorite है the lime. china है rainy during february , but it है wet in fall. her least favorite fruit है the lime , but our least favorite है the apple. india है never relaxing during may , but it है never freezing in october. china है कभी-कभी snowy during june , but it है never beautiful in spring. the peach है his least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है her least favorite. california है pleasant during september , but it है usually warm in july. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी relaxing during july , and it है usually cold in august. नई जर्सी है never warm during march , and it है usually hot in september. china है usually rainy during october , but it है warm in september. paris है never relaxing during winter , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in october. france है usually snowy during july , but it है usually dry in autumn. her favorite fruit है the lemon , but their favorite है the mango. translating between portuguese and spanish है easy. has she been to india ? he thinks it's difficult to translate english to french. नई जर्सी है wonderful during january , but it है usually dry in august. you like oranges and peaches. india है कभी-कभी snowy during june , and it है never wet in february. california है wet during november , but it है usually nice in december. the united states है never hot during december , but it है usually wet in january. he likes grapes , apples , and strawberries. they plan to visit paris next fall. china है wet during spring , but it है never chilly in winter. he might go to india next september. india है usually dry during spring , but it है usually rainy in september. she liked that shiny black automobile. france है never dry during february , but it है usually शांत in may. my least liked fruit है the apple , but his least liked है the strawberry. you like grapefruit , mangoes , and strawberries. my most loved fruit है the lime , but your most loved है the grape. she was driving the old green car. the united states है never wet during may , and it है कभी-कभी dry in july. the peach है your most loved fruit , but the strawberry है my most loved. paris है wet during winter , and it है never शांत in fall. paris है usually snowy during november , but it है never relaxing in august. she dislikes apples , bananas , and mangoes. नई जर्सी है rainy during autumn , but it है freezing in december. france है never relaxing during september , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in fall. paris है कभी-कभी mild during december , but it है never pleasant in november. नई जर्सी है rainy during winter , but it है usually beautiful in february. france है mild during february , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in summer. the apple है her least favorite fruit , but the pear है his least favorite. when did she go to the grocery store ? india है busy during winter , but it है usually wet in july. france है wonderful during fall , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in spring. france है कभी-कभी busy during summer , but it है शांत in august. india है pleasant during february , and it है usually cold in may. paris है chilly during fall , and it है कभी-कभी wet in december. they dislike oranges , grapes , and peaches. france है usually freezing during october , and it है cold in august. she है driving a rusty yellow truck. he wanted to go to paris last july. china है usually snowy during july , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in december. we like lemons and strawberries. paris है busy during fall , but it है hot in november. france है usually snowy during january , and it है usually mild in autumn. we like bananas , apples , and pears. her most loved fruit है the lemon , but our most loved है the grape. he drives the little yellow truck. india है never relaxing during july , and it है कभी-कभी busy in august. paris है usually nice during january , but it है never relaxing in november. our least liked fruit है the lemon , but her least liked है the pear. the grapefruit है her least liked fruit , but the lime है our least liked. india है usually relaxing during autumn , and it है usually rainy in spring. he likes strawberries , grapefruit , and mangoes. my favorite fruit है the orange , but their favorite है the mango. the apple है my least liked fruit , but the grape है your least liked. i like oranges and mangoes. she dislikes grapefruit and limes. she dislikes grapefruit , apples , and mangoes. your most loved fruit है the apple , but his most loved है the pear. that rabbit was your most feared animal. she है driving that rusty white truck. california है कभी-कभी chilly during january , and it है usually wonderful in may. california है warm during fall , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in spring. california है never busy during fall , but it है hot in november. california है relaxing during spring , and it है never mild in february. the lime है their least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है her least favorite. नई जर्सी है rainy during may , and it है never wonderful in march. your most loved fruit है the pear , but my most loved है the orange. france है pleasant during july , and it है usually dry in april. the banana है our most loved fruit , but the apple है his most loved. my least liked fruit है the orange , but his least liked है the peach. france है कभी-कभी dry during winter , and it है usually relaxing in spring. they plan to visit paris next september. she likes grapes , oranges , and apples. france है कभी-कभी pleasant during fall , but it है warm in july. china है wonderful during november , and it है शांत in winter. she drove a old red automobile. my most loved fruit है the lime , but her most loved है the orange. my least liked fruit है the apple , but your least liked है the banana. california है hot during june , and it है never beautiful in august. india है usually rainy during spring , but it है never शांत in fall. she likes peaches and strawberries. i like lemons , apples , and bananas. france है कभी-कभी pleasant during september , but it है कभी-कभी cold in february. the grape है my favorite fruit , but the lemon है your favorite. paris है dry during autumn , but it है never wet in november. the peach है his least liked fruit , but the grape है your least liked. i like lemons , peaches , and limes. the united states है freezing during january , and it है warm in november. the orange है my least liked fruit , but the mango है your least liked. नई जर्सी है never rainy during december , and it है शांत in july. india है कभी-कभी warm during september , but it है usually beautiful in winter. india है rainy during january , but it है never snowy in march. the mango है their favorite fruit , but the lime है her favorite. i like limes , apples , and lemons. their least liked fruit है the strawberry , but her least liked है the orange. india है never rainy during august , and it है कभी-कभी hot in march. my least favorite fruit है the peach , but his least favorite है the lemon. paris है never rainy during january , but it है usually chilly in august. they dislike grapes , mangoes , and peaches. california है never wonderful during may , and it है usually wet in march. india है कभी-कभी rainy during spring , and it है usually snowy in february. my most loved animals were cats. paris है wonderful during winter , but it है snowy in august. india है कभी-कभी snowy during autumn , but it है never pleasant in july. california है कभी-कभी wonderful during autumn , but it है never beautiful in spring. india है cold during may , but it है कभी-कभी warm in january. india है mild during october , and it है कभी-कभी warm in fall. paris है never mild during august , but it है usually wet in july. her least liked fruit है the apple , but my least liked है the grape. she thinks it's easy to translate chinese to french. china है कभी-कभी cold during june , but it है hot in december. india है usually wet during summer , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in february. paris है never warm during april , and it है never relaxing in winter. california है never beautiful during march , but it है pleasant in september. he disliked the little black truck. the banana है her favorite fruit , but the lime है your favorite. the pear है his most loved fruit , but the lemon है my most loved. our most loved fruit है the lime , but your most loved है the peach. california है usually nice during september , but it है never freezing in autumn. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during summer , but it है usually pleasant in april. china है कभी-कभी wet during october , but it है कभी-कभी warm in may. the united states है usually beautiful during november , and it है never wet in february. france है never nice during fall , but it है usually chilly in march. he likes peaches , limes , and strawberries. has he been to नई जर्सी ? france है कभी-कभी busy during october , but it है usually freezing in february. the peach है their favorite fruit , but the banana है our favorite. paris है never wet during fall , and it है never wonderful in summer. he dislikes apples and strawberries. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी busy during january , and it है usually wonderful in spring. the apple है their least favorite fruit , but the lime है your least favorite. china है कभी-कभी freezing during june , and it है usually wonderful in february. she dislikes limes , bananas , and grapes. नई जर्सी है dry during october , and it है never hot in spring. the united states है usually beautiful during march , and it है never warm in july. you like oranges , pears , and mangoes. he dislikes apples and limes. our favorite fruit है the apple , but your favorite है the pear. the united states है कभी-कभी cold during april , and it है wet in may. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wet during february , and it है never dry in september. california है कभी-कभी wonderful during november , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in december. the orange है her favorite fruit , but the pear है your favorite. the united states है warm during may , and it है कभी-कभी cold in november. the united states है कभी-कभी busy during june , and it है usually pleasant in autumn. india है pleasant during october , and it है mild in march. paris है beautiful during march , but it है usually hot in october. paris है rainy during november , but it है कभी-कभी wet in october. she wanted to go to the united states last may. the united states है never mild during september , and it है कभी-कभी wet in summer. they wanted to go to the united states last fall. paris है usually snowy during may , and it है usually pleasant in january. the banana है his least liked fruit , but the strawberry है your least liked. your most feared animal है this horse. the united states है usually rainy during september , and it है hot in winter. california है never wonderful during august , but it है कभी-कभी hot in spring. she dislikes bananas , grapefruit , and peaches. she thinks it है fun to translate between english and spanish. you dislike apples , grapefruit , and pears. his least favorite animal है that elephant. she likes grapefruit , oranges , and grapes. he है driving that little blue truck. the grape है their least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है her least favorite. the apple है our least favorite fruit , but the orange है his least favorite. india है usually rainy during december , and it है कभी-कभी mild in june. नई जर्सी है nice during december , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in april. the lime है their least favorite fruit , but the mango है his least favorite. he dislikes pears , peaches , and lemons. the united states है कभी-कभी busy during march , and it है rainy in summer. she dislikes pears , apples , and grapefruit. his most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but her most loved है the orange. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during february , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in summer. the united states है never dry during april , and it है usually hot in autumn. france है कभी-कभी beautiful during december , but it है कभी-कभी warm in may. india है never wonderful during july , and it है mild in june. paris है wonderful during june , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in fall. his most feared animal है this dog. you dislike grapes , pears , and apples. she dislikes grapes , mangoes , and peaches. she dislikes bananas , peaches , and pears. नई जर्सी है usually warm during february , but it है never busy in fall. india है nice during fall , and it है never hot in autumn. france है rainy during april , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in october. the grapefruit है your favorite fruit , but the apple है her favorite. california है usually wonderful during june , and it है usually busy in august. the orange है his least favorite fruit , but the lime है their least favorite. paris है never chilly during july , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in january. she likes lemons , peaches , and bananas. i dislike lemons , bananas , and strawberries. their most loved fruit है the grape , but your most loved है the apple. her least liked fruit है the peach , but his least liked है the pear. the united states है never freezing during february , but it है कभी-कभी busy in october. their least favorite fruit है the mango , but our least favorite है the strawberry. paris है wet during september , but it है usually freezing in summer. she drove a shiny yellow automobile. he dislikes that old red automobile. california है कभी-कभी शांत during may , and it है wonderful in october. he likes pears , grapefruit , and limes. he likes grapes , grapefruit , and oranges. i like bananas , grapefruit , and mangoes. the united states है usually hot during april , and it है never cold in fall. paris है dry during october , but it है never शांत in august. she likes oranges , apples , and strawberries. paris है hot during autumn , but it है usually beautiful in september. we plan to visit नई जर्सी in december. california है never warm during autumn , and it है never beautiful in december. paris है कभी-कभी snowy during may , but it है usually mild in october. he likes mangoes , oranges , and lemons. india है usually warm during october , and it है never rainy in february. france है कभी-कभी dry during may , and it है never beautiful in june. your least favorite animal है this lion. china है never rainy during august , and it है usually wonderful in february. california है usually chilly during june , and it है pleasant in autumn. france है never dry during may , but it है usually wet in april. the united states है कभी-कभी relaxing during july , and it है usually cold in december. paris है कभी-कभी nice during april , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in february. our favorite fruit है the orange , but his favorite है the grape. california है कभी-कभी chilly during march , and it है never शांत in june. france है mild during august , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in winter. i like grapes , peaches , and grapefruit. the united states है कभी-कभी relaxing during november , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in fall. california है never dry during spring , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in december. she likes grapes , grapefruit , and mangoes. california है कभी-कभी relaxing during autumn , and it है usually hot in october. paris है usually snowy during november , but it है wonderful in fall. she likes mangoes and strawberries. california है कभी-कभी wonderful during july , and it है never dry in january. india है never beautiful during december , but it है कभी-कभी busy in july. the grapefruit है his most loved fruit , but the peach है our most loved. india है कभी-कभी nice during autumn , but it है never rainy in may. his least liked fruit है the banana , but their least liked है the pear. she likes mangoes , grapefruit , and pears. this monkey was your most feared animal. they dislike grapes , apples , and bananas. india है usually relaxing during summer , and it है chilly in fall. california है usually freezing during spring , but it है usually busy in february. paris है never snowy during november , but it है never nice in january. she likes bananas , peaches , and grapefruit. china है usually busy during fall , and it है usually mild in winter. she likes big lemons. france है dry during december , and it है usually cold in spring. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी snowy during july , but it है कभी-कभी hot in december. the orange है her most loved fruit , but the peach है his most loved. the lime है his least favorite fruit , but the peach है her least favorite. the apple है your most loved fruit , but the strawberry है her most loved. paris है never wonderful during june , and it है beautiful in december. the banana है her least favorite fruit , but the pear है your least favorite. he dislikes lemons , oranges , and grapefruit. you dislike bananas , oranges , and strawberries. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during winter , but it है wonderful in october. we dislike pears , bananas , and oranges. paris है usually busy during september , but it है never hot in january. paris है never dry during autumn , but it है snowy in february. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during december , but it है never busy in spring. she dislikes a old blue truck. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी warm during april , and it है usually busy in december. i like lemons , grapefruit , and oranges. they dislike mangoes , pears , and strawberries. she likes strawberries , pears , and lemons. her favorite fruit है the grape , but their favorite है the peach. china है never freezing during july , but it है snowy in december. paris है usually beautiful during february , and it है शांत in autumn. he dislikes peaches , oranges , and mangoes. the grape है her least liked fruit , but the mango है your least liked. the grapefruit है their favorite fruit. france है cold during march , but it है busy in spring. paris है कभी-कभी cold during may , but it है never beautiful in june. she dislikes bananas , grapes , and oranges. your least liked fruit है the banana , but our least liked है the grape. she likes grapes , bananas , and apples. नई जर्सी है usually wet during april , but it है never pleasant in october. china है कभी-कभी nice during winter , but it है pleasant in autumn. the lemon है her least liked fruit , but the apple है his least liked. india है snowy during august , but it है never hot in december. the united states है dry during august , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in april. china है usually hot during may , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in november. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी pleasant during october , but it है beautiful in summer. california है usually busy during march , and it है कभी-कभी dry in september. he drives the shiny blue truck. he dislikes a shiny red truck. the united states है never mild during summer , and it है never wonderful in december. india है कभी-कभी hot during february , but it है chilly in december. india है usually busy during fall , and it है usually chilly in february. the peach है his least favorite fruit , but the lime है her least favorite. india है कभी-कभी cold during spring , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in autumn. my favorite fruit है the orange , but her favorite है the grapefruit. he dislikes grapefruit , limes , and oranges. i like oranges , lemons , and grapefruit. california है freezing during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी dry in march. she dislikes grapes , strawberries , and oranges. the united states है chilly during february , and it है wonderful in october. her favorite fruit है the pear , but your favorite है the grape. india है never pleasant during february , and it है busy in fall. china है usually freezing during autumn , but it है never pleasant in june. india है कभी-कभी शांत during winter , but it है कभी-कभी wet in summer. i dislike bananas , apples , and grapefruit. paris है freezing during fall , and it है never dry in spring. she might go to नई जर्सी next june. the banana है his least liked fruit , but the orange है my least liked. he was driving that big red automobile. his most loved fruit है the lime , but our most loved है the apple. नई जर्सी है usually warm during december , and it है usually chilly in july. we like mangoes and pears. she plans to visit india in november. paris है never beautiful during fall , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in february. she drives a नई blue car. france है कभी-कभी beautiful during september , and it है never शांत in fall. we like peaches , grapefruit , and strawberries. the strawberry है my favorite fruit , but the apple है his favorite. china है कभी-कभी pleasant during october , and it है rainy in fall. china है usually busy during june , but it है chilly in august. नई जर्सी है rainy during may , but it है usually warm in september. paris है कभी-कभी nice during august , and it है usually dry in summer. california है never cold during june , but it है कभी-कभी hot in april. china है never शांत during spring , but it है कभी-कभी dry in september. paris है usually शांत during fall , but it है usually nice in summer. france है usually dry during november , and it है usually nice in autumn. i dislike grapes , apples , and peaches. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी snowy during april , and it है कभी-कभी busy in september. i dislike grapes , peaches , and limes. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी beautiful during december , but it है mild in april. paris है कभी-कभी snowy during february , and it है never pleasant in january. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी freezing during march , and it है busy in september. your least favorite fruit है the pear , but their least favorite है the grapefruit. the united states है never wet during summer , but it है शांत in june. the grapefruit है their most loved fruit , but the banana है your most loved. she thinks it's easy to translate chinese to english. the united states है कभी-कभी nice during november , and it है rainy in summer. she likes grapefruit , peaches , and lemons. france है कभी-कभी snowy during autumn , and it है cold in fall. paris है usually nice during autumn , and it है beautiful in january. she dislikes apples and grapefruit. he drove the नई blue truck. the united states है कभी-कभी mild during march , and it है शांत in fall. our least liked fruit है the mango , but their least liked है the lime. our least favorite fruit है the peach , but their least favorite है the grapefruit. नई जर्सी है never beautiful during june , and it है never warm in october. she dislikes apples , grapes , and peaches. the apple है our least liked fruit , but the peach है his least liked. he likes oranges , limes , and grapefruit. their favorite fruit है the pear , but my favorite है the lemon. नई जर्सी है never mild during april , and it है never chilly in june. paris है hot during september , and it है usually dry in october. paris है warm during august , and it है usually mild in spring. paris है snowy during august , and it है never beautiful in march. paris है usually beautiful during march , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in april. china है usually pleasant during december , but it है nice in autumn. her most loved fruit है the lime , but our most loved है the strawberry. the pear है her most loved fruit , but the orange है their most loved. china है usually beautiful during september , and it है शांत in april. paris है कभी-कभी nice during april , but it है pleasant in fall. california है शांत during winter , and it है never cold in october. india है कभी-कभी wet during autumn , and it है usually freezing in fall. the united states है never snowy during may , but it है usually beautiful in june. india है mild during december , but it है never pleasant in june. china है busy during april , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in august. she thinks it's easy to translate english to french. you dislike grapefruit , mangoes , and oranges. france है कभी-कभी beautiful during winter , and it है chilly in april. california है कभी-कभी warm during december , but it है rainy in may. she liked that नई green automobile. the united states है usually freezing during spring , but it है कभी-कभी hot in february. the strawberry है our least favorite fruit , but the orange है their least favorite. we dislike peaches , apples , and mangoes. france है usually chilly during autumn , but it है never mild in july. india है कभी-कभी snowy during june , but it है usually busy in july. india है never freezing during august , but it है usually snowy in january. their least favorite fruit है the banana , but her least favorite है the grape. china है कभी-कभी cold during january , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in march. he dislikes lemons , apples , and limes. china है कभी-कभी beautiful during may , and it है never mild in summer. india है कभी-कभी rainy during fall , and it है wonderful in february. the united states है usually nice during january , but it है never cold in march. we like mangoes , strawberries , and grapefruit. california है शांत during december , and it है never wonderful in august. france है never wet during spring , and it है never snowy in september. the united states है never chilly during january , but it है never hot in december. my favorite animals are monkeys. china है कभी-कभी dry during september , and it है never hot in october. we like apples , peaches , and limes. नई जर्सी है usually nice during may , but it है never relaxing in february. he dislikes limes , mangoes , and strawberries. france है कभी-कभी wet during june , but it है never pleasant in autumn. my most loved animal है the mouse. california है usually nice during fall , but it है warm in autumn. the united states है usually hot during may , and it है usually pleasant in spring. the banana है his most loved fruit , but the grape है your most loved. my least favorite fruit है the mango , but your least favorite है the lime. california है never pleasant during october , but it है never शांत in august. paris है usually wet during november , and it है usually mild in december. china है usually snowy during october , but it है hot in december. france है never chilly during september , but it है usually mild in winter. they like strawberries , bananas , and mangoes. the strawberry है her favorite fruit , but the apple है my favorite. she dislikes that big yellow car. the united states है usually chilly during fall , and it है busy in may. they like lemons , pears , and bananas. china है usually dry during august , but it है relaxing in january. he dislikes pears , mangoes , and peaches. she dislikes apples , limes , and bananas. she likes oranges , lemons , and grapefruit. that mouse है my least favorite animal. the lemon है my least liked fruit , but the apple है her least liked. paris है कभी-कभी relaxing during march , and it है chilly in august. the grape है our least favorite fruit , but the peach है my least favorite. you dislike grapes , grapefruit , and pears. paris है usually mild during summer , but it है hot in october. नई जर्सी है pleasant during autumn , and it है usually शांत in december. his most feared animal was this monkey. you like peaches , limes , and apples. california है शांत during february , and it है relaxing in november. नई जर्सी है usually cold during march , but it है usually nice in summer. france है कभी-कभी mild during august , but it है dry in summer. paris है snowy during november , but it है usually wet in fall. she likes apples , oranges , and strawberries. california है snowy during september , but it है never hot in june. france है never nice during winter , and it है कभी-कभी dry in january. she dislikes a old red car. paris है कभी-कभी freezing during august , but it है usually wonderful in march. she plans to visit the united states in february. california है snowy during march , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in fall. their least favorite fruit है the peach , but your least favorite है the mango. he dislikes lemons , bananas , and grapefruit. china है relaxing during april , and it है wonderful in december. the mango है his least favorite fruit , but the orange है our least favorite. france है never hot during october , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in january. their least liked fruit है the pear , but his least liked है the apple. india है usually freezing during may , and it है never mild in march. why did you go to india ? when है she going to california ? he dislikes mangoes , grapefruit , and grapes. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during january , and it है never relaxing in may. she likes grapefruit , bananas , and lemons. they wanted to go to china last october. नई जर्सी है wet during july , and it है usually dry in august. they like strawberries , peaches , and grapefruit. he disliked that नई red automobile. she dislikes grapes , pears , and peaches. नई जर्सी है dry during january , but it है never chilly in fall. california है usually busy during december , and it है freezing in november. california है usually wet during december , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in august. they dislike grapefruit , peaches , and bananas. california है mild during january , but it है chilly in spring. he dislikes bananas , peaches , and grapefruit. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during january , and it है कभी-कभी dry in summer. china है कभी-कभी nice during march , but it है never busy in june. the lemon है her least liked fruit , but the pear है his least liked. they plan to visit नई जर्सी in september. paris है freezing during december , and it है dry in august. his least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but your least liked है the peach. california है usually wet during september , but it है कभी-कभी dry in october. your favorite fruit है the mango , but our favorite है the grape. नई जर्सी है usually cold during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in june. the strawberry है their favorite fruit , but the banana है your favorite. the united states है usually dry during march , and it है cold in summer. the pear है his least favorite fruit , but the orange है my least favorite. china है rainy during may , but it है usually beautiful in july. this elephant है my least favorite animal. paris है usually शांत during november , but it है wonderful in september. नई जर्सी है never busy during spring , and it है usually pleasant in august. paris है usually शांत during february , and it है कभी-कभी wet in september. india है wet during spring , but it है कभी-कभी mild in august. her favorite fruit है the lime , but our favorite है the mango. the united states है usually rainy during winter , and it है never dry in july. she likes bananas , mangoes , and strawberries. he likes limes , bananas , and oranges. india है usually freezing during autumn , but it है nice in april. he likes lemons , pears , and peaches. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी snowy during spring , but it है never beautiful in january. he है going to नई जर्सी next october. california है never busy during september , but it है usually chilly in summer. the grapefruit है our least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है their least favorite. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during spring , and it है never chilly in july. france है कभी-कभी शांत during april , and it है beautiful in spring. france है usually snowy during november , and it है usually dry in august. california है never busy during june , but it है cold in spring. he likes limes , mangoes , and peaches. she dislikes oranges , apples , and grapes. they like lemons , mangoes , and bananas. the banana है my least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है his least favorite. california है कभी-कभी rainy during june , and it है never busy in summer. the banana है our least favorite fruit , but the grape है their least favorite. their most loved fruit है the banana , but our most loved है the grapefruit. her least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but their least favorite है the lime. नई जर्सी है usually शांत during october , but it है usually dry in spring. they dislike grapefruit , grapes , and peaches. china है cold during march , but it है usually rainy in summer. china है usually wonderful during december , but it है शांत in may. he likes pears , mangoes , and lemons. france है usually warm during august , and it है busy in october. you like pears , oranges , and bananas. paris है never cold during winter , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in june. he dislikes pears , limes , and strawberries. china है mild during february , and it है usually busy in winter. she dislikes limes , bananas , and oranges. india है never nice during november , but it है usually freezing in september. नई जर्सी है usually nice during spring , but it है usually wonderful in december. she dislikes mangoes , grapes , and limes. the orange है your favorite fruit , but the pear है our favorite. the strawberry है my favorite fruit , but the apple है their favorite. paris है usually rainy during february , and it है chilly in may. नई जर्सी है hot during autumn , but it है beautiful in april. he dislikes apples , lemons , and grapefruit. the united states है usually hot during may , and it है कभी-कभी mild in april. the strawberry है our least favorite fruit , but the mango है their least favorite. नई जर्सी है usually rainy during december , but it है never snowy in may. california है कभी-कभी warm during july , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in september. we like peaches , pears , and lemons. our favorite fruit है the grape , but his favorite है the apple. paris है chilly during autumn , but it है never warm in summer. the united states है कभी-कभी freezing during december , and it है dry in february. my least favorite fruit है the mango , but their least favorite है the lime. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during july , and it है usually mild in january. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी busy during january , and it है never cold in april. california है never pleasant during september , but it है कभी-कभी busy in autumn. california है never relaxing during october , and it है never chilly in december. their favorite fruit है the grape , but your favorite है the mango. france है snowy during december , but it है never wet in september. the mango है their least liked fruit , but the pear है my least liked. she likes apples , oranges , and bananas. the bear was her most feared animal. i like grapefruit , peaches , and oranges. california है pleasant during fall , but it है wonderful in may. i plan to visit california in march. india है never pleasant during spring , but it है mild in august. india है never hot during spring , but it है never wet in winter. the united states है usually snowy during may , and it है usually nice in august. their favorite fruit है the orange , but his favorite है the lime. नई जर्सी है usually cold during february , but it है wonderful in may. the united states है rainy during february , and it है never wet in winter. he drives a rusty blue truck. the strawberry है our least favorite fruit , but the lemon है his least favorite. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during winter , but it है usually pleasant in december. india है usually mild during september , and it है beautiful in march. paris है usually cold during june , but it है chilly in september. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during december , and it है usually rainy in spring. california है कभी-कभी relaxing during september , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in spring. नई जर्सी है usually शांत during june , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in fall. paris है never mild during fall , and it है कभी-कभी cold in september. his most feared animal है this snake. france है कभी-कभी शांत during august , and it है nice in september. paris है usually pleasant during april , and it है never freezing in july. paris है कभी-कभी rainy during autumn , but it है relaxing in january. the apple है my least liked fruit , but the strawberry है his least liked. india है कभी-कभी शांत during spring , but it है never wet in april. the united states है never wet during february , but it है never wonderful in summer. india है snowy during summer , and it है never pleasant in winter. california है rainy during august , but it है never wonderful in november. नई जर्सी है snowy during july , but it है usually chilly in september. she likes limes and bananas. नई जर्सी है relaxing during spring , and it है never wet in november. नई जर्सी है rainy during august , but it है pleasant in summer. california है never wonderful during january , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in autumn. your least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but their least favorite है the apple. paris है कभी-कभी mild during november , and it है wet in july. she likes apples , strawberries , and oranges. the apple है his favorite fruit , but the banana है my favorite. paris है never wet during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी dry in september. his favorite fruit है the lemon , but my favorite है the orange. we like grapefruit , limes , and lemons. नई जर्सी है never beautiful during march , but it है कभी-कभी hot in december. the lime है our least favorite fruit , but the mango है their least favorite. india है usually wet during fall , and it है pleasant in october. india है कभी-कभी freezing during june , and it है never relaxing in autumn. california है never pleasant during august , but it है usually busy in june. california है snowy during autumn , but it है never wonderful in summer. he dislikes mangoes , apples , and lemons. france है usually pleasant during july , and it है usually hot in winter. the pear है my favorite fruit , but the orange है her favorite. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wonderful during august , but it है कभी-कभी mild in november. he है driving the little yellow car. paris है never wonderful during july , and it है never snowy in fall. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी nice during february , but it है usually wonderful in september. california है usually cold during fall , and it है beautiful in december. she likes lemons , grapes , and mangoes. china है usually cold during fall , but it है never warm in winter. china है कभी-कभी freezing during april , but it है कभी-कभी cold in winter. they like oranges and grapes. he was driving that big black car. he likes oranges , grapefruit , and strawberries. the united states है never शांत during april , but it है cold in january. नई जर्सी है never chilly during july , but it है nice in winter. france है snowy during october , but it है never mild in june. she dislikes lemons , mangoes , and strawberries. नई जर्सी है never busy during september , and it है mild in fall. the united states है never शांत during february , and it है snowy in december. he saw a rusty green truck. you like mangoes , pears , and oranges. she saw the big green car. his least favorite fruit है the pear , but her least favorite है the grape. france है usually snowy during fall , and it है usually rainy in march. the united states है never mild during spring , but it है wonderful in january. china है never nice during september , but it है never शांत in november. नई जर्सी है usually rainy during september , but it है usually cold in autumn. china है कभी-कभी wonderful during may , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in spring. india है dry during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in june. our least liked fruit है the lime , but my least liked है the grape. you like pears , grapefruit , and grapes. india है never शांत during june , and it है usually freezing in march. india है never nice during fall , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in august. i like grapefruit , pears , and mangoes. the mango है his least favorite fruit , but the lime है her least favorite. india है कभी-कभी dry during december , but it है कभी-कभी warm in spring. california है कभी-कभी nice during autumn , and it है beautiful in november. france है hot during november , and it है कभी-कभी cold in october. the united states है usually snowy during october , and it है कभी-कभी hot in april. his least liked fruit है the lemon , but her least liked है the peach. paris है कभी-कभी warm during april , and it है never cold in spring. the strawberry है his least liked fruit , but the grape है their least liked. the strawberry है his least liked fruit , but the lemon है their least liked. he dislikes pears , grapes , and limes. नई जर्सी है mild during june , and it है usually beautiful in april. she likes apples. the united states है never nice during fall , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in june. france है rainy during june , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in february. नई जर्सी है never rainy during may , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in july. नई जर्सी है usually freezing during summer , but it है usually beautiful in march. paris है usually wet during january , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in june. paris है never warm during november , but it है chilly in december. france है कभी-कभी wonderful during october , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in february. i dislike pears and bananas. india है usually wet during fall , and it है hot in january. france है usually wet during july , and it है chilly in august. she है driving a नई yellow truck. they like apples , bananas , and oranges. the united states है कभी-कभी nice during march , but it है never warm in may. china है usually beautiful during spring , but it है pleasant in august. we like strawberries , peaches , and bananas. india है never snowy during december , and it है कभी-कभी cold in july. he thinks it's easy to translate english to portuguese. france है rainy during july , and it है mild in october. the united states है never snowy during june , and it है कभी-कभी cold in october. china है कभी-कभी dry during spring , but it है wonderful in july. they like lemons , mangoes , and limes. france है never warm during june , but it है never nice in november. she dislikes lemons , bananas , and apples. france है usually cold during may , and it है never chilly in october. the united states है pleasant during january , and it है कभी-कभी busy in june. paris है कभी-कभी mild during october , but it है never freezing in winter. india है usually freezing during october , and it है कभी-कभी warm in winter. france है mild during spring , and it है usually pleasant in june. paris है usually busy during summer , and it है chilly in december. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी warm during september , and it है कभी-कभी hot in january. the orange है his most loved fruit , but the peach है her most loved. he dislikes lemons , apples , and oranges. the united states है never dry during june , but it है busy in winter. california है शांत during january , and it है usually mild in august. she dislikes strawberries , bananas , and grapes. china है wet during december , but it है beautiful in summer. she drove that old white automobile. the united states है usually wet during october , but it है never pleasant in fall. the united states है never busy during september , but it है mild in december. he है driving that rusty green automobile. china है dry during summer , but it है शांत in september. she dislikes oranges , mangoes , and limes. i plan to visit california in september. the lemon है your least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है his least favorite. the united states है pleasant during winter , and it है usually rainy in november. china है never wonderful during january , but it है usually rainy in spring. paris है freezing during january , but it है usually beautiful in spring. paris है never wet during march , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in autumn. our favorite fruit है the orange , but their favorite है the pear. the strawberry है his favorite fruit , but the orange है your favorite. china है never snowy during september , but it है never warm in october. france है usually nice during winter , but it है never cold in may. नई जर्सी है usually hot during spring , and it है freezing in november. france है beautiful during fall , and it है never busy in march. india है कभी-कभी relaxing during autumn , but it है wet in january. नई जर्सी है शांत during july , but it है usually nice in december. india है कभी-कभी wet during september , and it है usually hot in june. he dislikes mangoes , lemons , and bananas. paris है never dry during january , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in april. the banana है their favorite fruit , but the lemon है his favorite. china है never mild during fall , and it है never rainy in april. they dislike bananas , grapes , and oranges. india है कभी-कभी snowy during autumn , and it है never hot in july. his least liked fruit है the banana , but their least liked है the grape. california है never mild during spring , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in september. he dislikes that big black automobile. india है never cold during september , and it है never warm in autumn. my most feared animal है that horse. california है कभी-कभी freezing during spring , and it है never dry in november. the orange है our most loved fruit , but the lime है my most loved. the grapefruit है your favorite fruit , but the strawberry है their favorite. china है wonderful during june , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in summer. her most loved fruit है the grape , but their most loved है the banana. france है relaxing during october , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in january. my least liked fruit है the grape , but her least liked है the apple. the orange है my least favorite fruit , but the lime है your least favorite. our favorite fruit है the orange , but his favorite है the lime. oranges are their least favorite fruit. france है never mild during may , but it है never hot in july. india है cold during october , and it है usually freezing in january. china है usually busy during winter , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in october. india है never wonderful during spring , but it है wet in december. india है usually snowy during october , and it है rainy in summer. the lime है my most loved fruit , but the grape है her most loved. india है कभी-कभी mild during september , and it है freezing in fall. her favorite fruit है the peach , but my favorite है the grapefruit. the mango है his least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है my least favorite. the grapefruit है your least favorite fruit , but the mango है her least favorite. india है relaxing during november , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in spring. paris है usually nice during fall , and it है pleasant in summer. i like strawberries , limes , and grapefruit. their least liked fruit है the peach , but his least liked है the orange. india है कभी-कभी mild during august , but it है never snowy in spring. the united states है never cold during december , but it है usually wonderful in may. china है कभी-कभी wonderful during november , and it है कभी-कभी hot in june. नई जर्सी है wonderful during winter , but it है nice in january. china है never warm during june , and it है usually snowy in autumn. california है busy during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in april. her most loved fruit है the mango , but my most loved है the lime. नई जर्सी है snowy during march , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in fall. he dislikes mangoes , pears , and lemons. her favorite fruit है the lime , but my favorite है the grape. france है कभी-कभी cold during may , and it है wet in spring. india है snowy during october , and it है usually warm in january. india है कभी-कभी warm during june , and it है usually beautiful in spring. california है never wet during january , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in spring. france है कभी-कभी nice during june , but it है rainy in winter. paris है usually शांत during august , and it है usually mild in march. the mango है their most loved fruit , but the strawberry है my most loved. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during october , but it है busy in fall. paris है never busy during june , and it है warm in april. france है never dry during september , and it है never pleasant in fall. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी शांत during november , and it है usually cold in april. india है cold during august , and it है कभी-कभी mild in october. france है कभी-कभी warm during january , and it है beautiful in september. the strawberry है her least favorite fruit , but the apple है our least favorite. नई जर्सी है never busy during spring , and it है usually freezing in november. the united states है कभी-कभी rainy during spring , but it है never beautiful in march. the lemon है his most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है your most loved. the united states है never snowy during september , but it है usually rainy in february. france है nice during february , and it है rainy in june. california है beautiful during july , but it है usually शांत in october. the united states है usually relaxing during fall , but it है never pleasant in october. the united states है usually rainy during january , but it है never hot in august. paris है cold during january , but it है hot in spring. नई जर्सी है mild during january , and it है usually chilly in march. नई जर्सी है never freezing during july , but it है कभी-कभी dry in august. the united states है कभी-कभी hot during spring , but it है कभी-कभी wet in september. your least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but his least liked है the orange. paris है never cold during february , and it है कभी-कभी dry in may. france है never hot during november , but it है usually snowy in october. india है usually wet during winter , but it है usually freezing in october. why aren't they going to the lake ? california है hot during december , and it है never relaxing in october. i like peaches , grapefruit , and oranges. her least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but their least favorite है the apple. i dislike strawberries , lemons , and grapes. france है never mild during april , and it है usually beautiful in august. france है never शांत during spring , but it है कभी-कभी cold in fall. china है कभी-कभी wonderful during july , and it है usually mild in spring. you dislike oranges , strawberries , and lemons. china है never pleasant during march , but it है कभी-कभी nice in december. the lime है her favorite fruit , but the mango है their favorite. my least liked fruit है the apple , but her least liked है the lemon. france है never warm during winter , and it है कभी-कभी nice in spring. china है usually cold during spring , and it है never wet in winter. china है never शांत during summer , and it है never hot in february. the united states है कभी-कभी busy during november , but it है never relaxing in winter. you dislike apples and peaches. he saw the shiny yellow car. china है कभी-कभी busy during december , but it है usually snowy in august. she likes mangoes , peaches , and lemons. you like grapefruit , limes , and oranges. नई जर्सी है शांत during october , but it है never rainy in march. नई जर्सी है never wet during october , but it है dry in january. california है never chilly during december , but it है relaxing in august. i dislike lemons , oranges , and mangoes. paris है never nice during june , and it है never cold in autumn. he dislikes lemons , oranges , and limes. i dislike pears , strawberries , and apples. paris है never nice during june , and it है chilly in fall. india है शांत during spring , and it है hot in september. the orange है her least liked fruit , but the strawberry है your least liked. china है शांत during may , and it है never snowy in december. california है कभी-कभी warm during november , but it है कभी-कभी busy in may. the peach है their most loved fruit , but the pear है your most loved. france है usually snowy during august , and it है कभी-कभी mild in february. his most feared animal was the rabbit. नई जर्सी है usually pleasant during july , and it है usually dry in autumn. india है usually warm during june , but it है शांत in april. your favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but my favorite है the mango. she thinks it's difficult to translate english to french. their least liked fruit है the strawberry , but her least liked है the grape. the banana है his least liked fruit , but the lime है your least liked. india है mild during january , but it है never relaxing in november. her least favorite fruit है the peach , but his least favorite है the pear. the banana है her favorite fruit , but the mango है your favorite. california है कभी-कभी pleasant during february , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in may. india है कभी-कभी chilly during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in february. california है usually nice during spring , and it है usually dry in autumn. he plans to visit paris in march. california है usually rainy during autumn , and it है usually wet in august. the united states है never hot during winter , but it है chilly in may. she dislikes mangoes , pears , and strawberries. the mango है his least favorite fruit , but the banana है our least favorite. she dislikes grapefruit , bananas , and oranges. california है relaxing during august , and it है never शांत in october. china है never busy during june , and it है never pleasant in may. he saw that old green car. india है never cold during july , but it है never chilly in june. china है never snowy during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी warm in may. india है usually warm during october , and it है usually freezing in november. he wanted to go to नई जर्सी last november. his least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but our least favorite है the mango. he dislikes apples , grapefruit , and mangoes. paris है कभी-कभी relaxing during october , and it है usually beautiful in august. india है usually beautiful during august , but it है pleasant in january. the united states है wonderful during july , and it है mild in august. you like grapefruit , lemons , and peaches. he was driving a big red automobile. she wanted to go to california last may. the united states है usually pleasant during september , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in january. she likes bananas , grapes , and grapefruit. paris है कभी-कभी warm during spring , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in april. his most loved fruit है the banana , but her most loved है the orange. she है driving that rusty yellow car. their favorite fruit है the grape , but her favorite है the strawberry. the grapefruit है their favorite fruit , but the lime है her favorite. paris है usually busy during august , but it है never शांत in september. his least liked fruit है the lemon , but their least liked है the apple. नई जर्सी है usually rainy during summer , and it है warm in september. he dislikes lemons , pears , and grapes. the apple है her favorite fruit , but the pear है our favorite. the united states है कभी-कभी freezing during november , and it है dry in october. california है chilly during winter , and it है usually hot in march. she plans to visit the united states next may. the united states है usually busy during fall , and it है never freezing in october. france है कभी-कभी mild during february , and it है busy in fall. the united states है कभी-कभी busy during january , and it है never chilly in september. california है cold during october , but it है beautiful in winter. the united states है hot during summer , and it है कभी-कभी cold in spring. california है hot during june , and it है usually dry in december. india है usually busy during november , but it है mild in march. paris है never hot during spring , and it है कभी-कभी busy in april. नई जर्सी है never rainy during spring , but it है mild in february. नई जर्सी है usually wonderful during summer , but it है snowy in winter. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी warm during spring , and it है usually freezing in summer. the lime है our least favorite fruit , but the grape है their least favorite. india है never rainy during autumn , and it है snowy in february. the united states है never relaxing during september , but it है snowy in summer. california है कभी-कभी warm during august , but it है usually wet in winter. france है usually chilly during march , and it है कभी-कभी nice in april. he dislikes apples , lemons , and pears. the pear है their least favorite fruit , but the banana है our least favorite. china है never beautiful during february , but it है hot in june. the dog है his least favorite animal. india है usually freezing during march , but it है usually hot in january. the united states है freezing during january , and it है usually snowy in fall. she dislikes that shiny yellow truck. the peach है their favorite fruit , but the lime है her favorite. she dislikes mangoes , lemons , and apples. france है freezing during december , and it है usually शांत in spring. they went to नई जर्सी last december. नई जर्सी है never chilly during august , and it है never nice in spring. they like mangoes , grapefruit , and lemons. paris है never nice during winter , and it है hot in april. he dislikes limes , grapefruit , and apples. she likes oranges , grapes , and pears. the pear है their most loved fruit , but the grape है his most loved. california है usually wet during march , and it है never शांत in june. india है usually hot during february , and it है usually snowy in january. he thinks it है fun to translate between chinese and english. california है कभी-कभी nice during june , but it है wonderful in spring. नई जर्सी है usually शांत during december , but it है dry in spring. नई जर्सी है never wonderful during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी busy in winter. paris है usually freezing during summer , and it है usually hot in fall. my least favorite fruit है the grape , but your least favorite है the lime. france है rainy during december , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in march. नई जर्सी है never wet during spring , but it है कभी-कभी busy in autumn. he dislikes lemons , peaches , and strawberries. california है कभी-कभी शांत during december , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in summer. the grapefruit है his least liked fruit , but the lime है your least liked. she dislikes grapes , oranges , and mangoes. california है busy during march , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in november. china है never hot during july , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in may. the united states है कभी-कभी nice during august , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in november. you dislike peaches , bananas , and grapes. china है busy during december , and it है usually freezing in april. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी beautiful during april , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in october. the banana है your favorite fruit , but the peach है my favorite. नई जर्सी है chilly during october , and it है कभी-कभी dry in july. we dislike oranges , strawberries , and limes. france है usually rainy during october , and it है relaxing in spring. he dislikes limes , pears , and mangoes. china है कभी-कभी rainy during january , but it है never warm in march. the grape है your least favorite fruit , but the lime है their least favorite. china है busy during summer , but it है never mild in april. california है relaxing during august , but it है never wonderful in february. france है कभी-कभी rainy during january , but it है dry in february. china है कभी-कभी nice during summer , and it है कभी-कभी dry in september. france है कभी-कभी nice during august , and it है usually pleasant in january. the banana है his least liked fruit , but the mango है my least liked. france है never snowy during winter , and it है cold in march. the mango है my least liked fruit , but the grape है his least liked. france है snowy during summer , but it है शांत in february. we like strawberries , grapefruit , and bananas. the united states है usually cold during april , but it है usually relaxing in winter. you like oranges , peaches , and apples. your favorite animal was the mouse. your most loved fruit है the pear , but her most loved है the mango. the apple है my least favorite fruit , but the lemon है her least favorite. india है dry during december , and it है usually wonderful in winter. california है कभी-कभी beautiful during fall , but it है never wonderful in september. नई जर्सी है never cold during fall , and it है hot in november. france है never mild during winter , and it है usually pleasant in spring. california है कभी-कभी cold during june , and it है कभी-कभी hot in december. she wants to go to नई जर्सी next winter. they dislike grapes , pears , and mangoes. india है कभी-कभी rainy during autumn , but it है wet in december. california है hot during april , but it है mild in january. france है never rainy during october , but it है usually wonderful in spring. california है usually warm during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in september. california है usually snowy during august , but it है usually rainy in winter. china है never hot during october , but it है never relaxing in winter. her favorite fruit है the pear , but my favorite है the banana. china है कभी-कभी nice during fall , and it है pleasant in june. her favorite fruit है the banana , but my favorite है the grapefruit. india है pleasant during july , but it है कभी-कभी busy in august. china है कभी-कभी busy during spring , and it है snowy in summer. paris है usually warm during april , but it है never chilly in autumn. the united states है rainy during july , and it है never relaxing in march. he might go to india next july. नई जर्सी है never nice during july , and it है usually warm in august. france है usually chilly during june , and it है usually busy in february. she dislikes mangoes , apples , and peaches. the pear है our favorite fruit , but the orange है my favorite. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during february , but it है beautiful in spring. your most feared animals are dogs. he dislikes grapefruit , apples , and bananas. he drives the shiny blue automobile. france है rainy during january , and it है usually dry in august. india है शांत during january , but it है warm in june. she dislikes limes , apples , and grapefruit. california है usually wonderful during spring , and it है hot in september. the lemon है your least favorite fruit , but the orange है our least favorite. the united states है कभी-कभी nice during february , and it है usually wet in march. he likes peaches and oranges. your most loved fruit है the mango , but her most loved है the pear. she dislikes bananas , pears , and apples. paris है relaxing during september , and it है usually snowy in november. the united states है never mild during summer , and it है कभी-कभी cold in spring. the united states है freezing during spring , but it है never chilly in november. she disliked the shiny black truck. paris है कभी-कभी mild during march , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in may. you like pears and peaches. our least liked fruit है the strawberry , but their least liked है the orange. china है usually cold during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी hot in june. your least favorite animal है that snake. i like pears , limes , and grapes. france है never freezing during autumn , and it है usually शांत in august. the strawberry है his least liked fruit , but the lime है our least liked. the grape है his most loved fruit , but the apple है her most loved. the peach है my favorite fruit , but the orange है their favorite. france है कभी-कभी hot during january , but it है usually pleasant in summer. china है never chilly during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी warm in october. india है wonderful during spring , and it है never warm in march. the banana है his least liked fruit , but the grape है my least liked. china है never wonderful during fall , and it है never mild in august. china है usually cold during august , but it है never nice in november. she likes oranges , grapefruit , and peaches. we dislike mangoes , grapes , and pears. he thinks translating between portuguese and english है difficult. her least liked fruit है the lime , but our least liked है the apple. france है never dry during november , and it है never शांत in january. california है usually wet during may , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in november. the apple है her most loved fruit , but the mango है their most loved. she dislikes limes , apples , and peaches. नई जर्सी है mild during september , but it है never beautiful in february. paris है usually dry during september , and it है relaxing in november. he saw that rusty white automobile. california है never busy during april , but it है never शांत in march. her least liked fruit है the peach , but our least liked है the grapefruit. california है never busy during winter , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in autumn. china है dry during april , and it है mild in september. our least favorite fruit है the apple , but my least favorite है the peach. france है usually nice during september , and it है relaxing in april. they dislike grapes , peaches , and strawberries. paris है never snowy during may , but it है never chilly in february. नई जर्सी है usually pleasant during november , but it है usually rainy in june. my least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but his least favorite है the lemon. france है cold during summer , and it है never wonderful in october. the banana है your least favorite fruit , but the mango है his least favorite. नई जर्सी है never शांत during winter , and it है rainy in september. india है कभी-कभी warm during september , and it है usually beautiful in march. her favorite animal was that dog. the united states है never busy during february , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in winter. नई जर्सी है usually relaxing during june , and it है कभी-कभी wet in summer. california है busy during november , and it है chilly in winter. you like pears , oranges , and grapefruit. china है कभी-कभी hot during autumn , but it है never rainy in january. the mango है my least liked fruit , but the strawberry है their least liked. the united states है usually rainy during september , but it है usually wet in spring. china है never hot during september , and it है never busy in fall. she likes strawberries , limes , and apples. their least liked fruit है the banana , but our least liked है the grapefruit. नई जर्सी है usually relaxing during april , and it है beautiful in winter. the grape है his least favorite fruit , but the mango है her least favorite. india है usually snowy during february , and it है hot in july. he likes mangoes , pears , and lemons. she dislikes lemons , limes , and pears. नई जर्सी है never warm during august , and it है never wonderful in summer. india है pleasant during march , but it है never chilly in november. नई जर्सी है usually rainy during february , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in april. france है usually freezing during spring , and it है usually busy in october. she liked that little yellow automobile. she disliked a नई red truck. california है relaxing during january , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in summer. india है snowy during september , and it है usually chilly in february. california है कभी-कभी beautiful during june , but it है never freezing in november. the pear है our least liked fruit , but the lemon है your least liked. india है never busy during october , and it है कभी-कभी hot in november. she dislikes oranges , strawberries , and peaches. paris है pleasant during april , and it है dry in winter. she disliked that big red car. i think it है difficult to translate between chinese and spanish. नई जर्सी है never chilly during february , but it है never beautiful in april. california है never snowy during june , and it है never शांत in december. the lime है your most loved fruit , but the apple है his most loved. paris है never wet during autumn , but it है usually hot in october. california है never wet during november , but it है usually freezing in july. our most loved fruit है the apple , but her most loved है the strawberry. china है never rainy during december , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in winter. the grapefruit है her favorite fruit , but the mango है his favorite. our most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but her most loved है the grape. my most loved animals were sharks. france है usually beautiful during july , and it है pleasant in june. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी rainy during july , but it है never pleasant in may. india है mild during july , and it है never warm in june. नई जर्सी है never freezing during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी mild in november. the united states है rainy during june , but it है never beautiful in august. california है usually nice during june , and it है never dry in winter. france है कभी-कभी mild during november , and it है cold in february. नई जर्सी है usually शांत during autumn , but it है usually snowy in october. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी शांत during winter , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in june. india है wonderful during october , and it है snowy in may. he likes limes , peaches , and mangoes. china है usually dry during december , but it है never freezing in july. france है कभी-कभी warm during may , and it है usually nice in spring. california है कभी-कभी snowy during october , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in july. your least liked fruit है the peach , but our least liked है the lemon. paris है usually mild during july , and it है never busy in november. the united states है usually freezing during june , and it है usually pleasant in september. france है relaxing during august , and it है never dry in summer. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during august , but it है usually wonderful in march. she dislikes mangoes , lemons , and grapefruit. california है dry during summer , but it है कभी-कभी nice in september. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during june , but it है wonderful in may. he might go to india next january. he drove that rusty green truck. california है कभी-कभी dry during spring , and it है never relaxing in december. china है usually rainy during february , but it है beautiful in december. her least liked fruit है the mango , but my least liked है the lime. china है mild during august , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in summer. he likes apples , lemons , and mangoes. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during january , and it है कभी-कभी warm in may. our least liked fruit है the banana , but their least liked है the grape. china है never wonderful during september , and it है never dry in august. california है never snowy during fall , but it है usually relaxing in summer. california है usually nice during winter , but it है never pleasant in june. india है mild during april , and it है chilly in march. france है relaxing during october , and it है warm in april. her most feared animal है this shark. france है कभी-कभी wonderful during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी hot in february. india है dry during fall , but it है usually chilly in june. she dislikes that old white automobile. the united states है pleasant during fall , and it है chilly in january. the orange है your most loved fruit , but the lemon है our most loved. paris है never relaxing during december , and it है never freezing in september. he went to the united states last november. नई जर्सी है never शांत during february , but it है beautiful in november. france है usually rainy during december , but it है never warm in may. paris है rainy during spring , but it है nice in august. he likes strawberries , limes , and lemons. china है कभी-कभी snowy during july , but it है wonderful in august. we dislike oranges , pears , and grapefruit. china है usually nice during november , and it है कभी-कभी warm in winter. i dislike peaches and grapes. california है कभी-कभी dry during fall , and it है कभी-कभी nice in december. china है never warm during august , and it है कभी-कभी hot in march. we dislike lemons and mangoes. that lion है her favorite animal. california है nice during august , but it है never snowy in winter. india है usually relaxing during april , but it है cold in autumn. my least favorite fruit है the apple , but their least favorite है the grape. नई जर्सी है chilly during december , and it है usually busy in november. the lime है your least liked fruit , but the strawberry है their least liked. the strawberry है her least favorite fruit , but the mango है our least favorite. the orange है our least liked fruit , but the banana है his least liked. she dislikes apples , grapefruit , and bananas. china है कभी-कभी snowy during march , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in february. paris है कभी-कभी dry during fall , and it है usually hot in may. india है relaxing during december , but it है never freezing in february. paris है कभी-कभी dry during winter , but it है warm in august. china है usually nice during fall , and it है never wonderful in autumn. he dislikes the little black car. the united states है never relaxing during july , but it है usually busy in december. you like grapefruit , oranges , and pears. her most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but their most loved है the apple. she dislikes peaches , bananas , and limes. the united states है usually warm during november , and it है usually beautiful in winter. the united states है never dry during november , but it है never wet in august. california है usually wonderful during fall , but it है rainy in autumn. paris है wonderful during may , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in july. china है कभी-कभी dry during january , but it है कभी-कभी warm in december. the apple है his favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है her favorite. france है कभी-कभी dry during winter , and it है never snowy in february. california है शांत during march , but it है never hot in january. she dislikes oranges , lemons , and bananas. china है कभी-कभी snowy during summer , but it है dry in august. i dislike pears , oranges , and peaches. paris है hot during september , but it है dry in december. the strawberry है your least liked fruit , but the lemon है her least liked. france है wet during december , but it है usually शांत in spring. she likes peaches , grapes , and lemons. paris है शांत during february , but it है warm in december. he dislikes strawberries , apples , and limes. नई जर्सी है usually wonderful during october , and it है usually warm in autumn. he drives a shiny white truck. her least favorite fruit है the apple , but your least favorite है the mango. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी warm during june , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in winter. नई जर्सी है usually relaxing during august , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in spring. do you think translating between spanish and chinese है difficult ? his least favorite animals are monkeys. france है never freezing during summer , but it है usually beautiful in december. france है usually relaxing during winter , and it है hot in spring. france है warm during november , but it है usually cold in july. paris है cold during spring , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in autumn. my least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but our least favorite है the grape. नई जर्सी है usually cold during winter , but it है कभी-कभी warm in july. the united states है कभी-कभी freezing during december , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in october. india है chilly during autumn , but it है usually pleasant in march. she likes oranges , grapefruit , and strawberries. paris है never nice during december , and it है relaxing in august. he disliked that rusty green truck. the lime है her favorite fruit , but the grape है their favorite. she likes peaches and limes. my most loved fruit है the mango , but her most loved है the orange. he dislikes mangoes , pears , and grapes. she likes pears , apples , and oranges. california है chilly during january , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in april. we dislike bananas , mangoes , and oranges. she dislikes lemons , mangoes , and pears. the orange है his least favorite fruit , but the grape है their least favorite. india है usually busy during july , but it है usually relaxing in february. france है usually rainy during october , and it है कभी-कभी cold in november. china है कभी-कभी pleasant during july , and it है nice in april. she dislikes strawberries , limes , and lemons. their most loved fruit है the banana , but our most loved है the pear. california है कभी-कभी pleasant during september , but it है कभी-कभी nice in february. india है कभी-कभी freezing during july , and it है usually dry in summer. the strawberry है my most loved fruit , but the mango है your most loved. india है usually wet during july , and it है usually cold in may. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी pleasant during july , but it है never nice in november. he drives that little white truck. they like pears , peaches , and lemons. china है never mild during may , and it है usually warm in july. the grapefruit है your most loved fruit , but the lime है his most loved. the grapefruit है my favorite fruit , but the grape है our favorite. नई जर्सी है rainy during december , and it है never beautiful in april. india है never busy during spring , and it है never mild in winter. he dislikes mangoes and limes. paris है dry during summer , and it है wet in autumn. the peach है our favorite fruit , but the orange है my favorite. the mango है your most loved fruit , but the pear है our most loved. india है wonderful during july , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in february. they like lemons , strawberries , and apples. california है warm during june , but it है never cold in summer. the pear है her favorite fruit , but the peach है your favorite. the united states है beautiful during fall , but it है कभी-कभी dry in september. france है कभी-कभी wet during september , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in spring. california है chilly during march , and it है mild in december. paris है never nice during august , and it है never relaxing in july. नई जर्सी है wonderful during winter , but it है usually hot in may. india है snowy during september , and it है never busy in fall. our most loved fruit है the strawberry , but my most loved है the pear. your least liked fruit है the lime , but their least liked है the orange. the lime है his favorite fruit , but the grape है my favorite. france है usually rainy during august , but it है never wet in may. the grape है your favorite fruit , but the lime है his favorite. the lime है your favorite fruit , but the mango है my favorite. नई जर्सी है rainy during summer , and it है never hot in march. we plan to visit the united states next november. paris है usually dry during summer , and it है snowy in march. the united states है कभी-कभी rainy during fall , and it है usually wet in spring. paris है usually dry during autumn , and it है never warm in june. she plans to visit paris next november. india है कभी-कभी chilly during july , but it है कभी-कभी warm in september. the mango है your least favorite fruit , but the grape है her least favorite. the lemon है his most loved fruit , but the lime है our most loved. the lime है our least favorite fruit , but the peach है their least favorite. he dislikes a rusty green automobile. the strawberry है her most loved fruit , but the mango है their most loved. india है कभी-कभी hot during june , but it है never chilly in august. she dislikes the नई green automobile. she drives that old white car. he drives the shiny yellow car. she dislikes bananas , apples , and grapefruit. china है कभी-कभी rainy during march , but it है never relaxing in june. china है usually शांत during summer , and it है never mild in fall. china है usually mild during september , but it है never warm in april. he likes grapes and bananas. paris है usually chilly during july , but it है usually wet in october. the mango है our least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है your least liked. the lemon है your least liked fruit , but the apple है my least liked. they dislike pears , grapes , and apples. their most loved fruit है the strawberry , but her most loved है the lemon. france है usually nice during march , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in january. नई जर्सी है usually warm during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in august. india है never beautiful during winter , but it है never pleasant in may. he likes bananas , peaches , and grapes. france है कभी-कभी cold during fall , and it है never beautiful in october. france है never warm during january , and it है usually wonderful in june. she went to the united states last winter. india है never mild during november , but it है never pleasant in march. france है usually dry during may , and it है शांत in september. she likes grapes , peaches , and lemons. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during may , but it है कभी-कभी hot in december. he dislikes peaches , bananas , and grapes. he was driving the नई black car. my least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but your least favorite है the mango. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during autumn , and it है freezing in june. the strawberry है their least favorite fruit , but the pear है my least favorite. she thinks it है easy to translate between spanish and english. sharks were his favorite animals. paris है never beautiful during august , and it है dry in fall. the grape है your favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है our favorite. china है never chilly during autumn , but it है never rainy in january. नई जर्सी है rainy during march , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in april. paris है never hot during december , and it है usually wonderful in april. the united states है never dry during summer , and it है nice in april. paris है never rainy during fall , and it है never wet in autumn. paris है never wonderful during autumn , and it है never relaxing in march. the lion was her most feared animal. you like apples , mangoes , and oranges. your least favorite fruit है the mango , but my least favorite है the banana. the united states है cold during june , and it है nice in january. your least favorite fruit है the peach , but her least favorite है the lime. the united states है usually chilly during august , and it है कभी-कभी wet in january. our favorite fruit है the strawberry , but her favorite है the peach. i dislike grapes , apples , and grapefruit. india है never pleasant during march , but it है never nice in april. the united states है कभी-कभी nice during june , and it है never freezing in summer. he dislikes grapefruit , limes , and mangoes. her most loved animal was the mouse. the apple है our favorite fruit , but the banana है their favorite. india है never relaxing during fall , but it है never dry in winter. france है pleasant during spring , and it है usually snowy in summer. china है never freezing during august , and it है warm in april. you dislike peaches , strawberries , and mangoes. france है usually busy during may , and it है never dry in january. california है कभी-कभी pleasant during november , but it है usually cold in winter. india है usually rainy during spring , and it है usually mild in june. he dislikes that shiny red car. the strawberry है your least favorite fruit , but the grape है my least favorite. नई जर्सी है usually snowy during october , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in march. india है usually nice during april , but it है dry in october. china है never beautiful during june , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in august. paris है कभी-कभी hot during december , but it है never pleasant in spring. the mango है my favorite fruit , but the strawberry है her favorite. china है cold during may , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in october. china है कभी-कभी dry during july , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in september. the lemon है my least favorite fruit , but the lime है your least favorite. she likes a little blue truck. paris है usually hot during winter , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in july. china है usually relaxing during may , but it है usually pleasant in spring. the united states है usually wonderful during autumn , but it है never शांत in summer. she drove a rusty white car. he dislikes grapefruit , strawberries , and mangoes. she drives the old green car. the united states है usually relaxing during may , and it है freezing in winter. our most loved fruit है the peach , but my most loved है the lemon. india है कभी-कभी wonderful during august , and it है शांत in october. नई जर्सी है usually nice during summer , and it है never mild in november. the orange है our favorite fruit , but the apple है your favorite. he likes grapes , bananas , and strawberries. the united states है कभी-कभी rainy during may , and it है relaxing in march. paris है usually dry during october , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in december. our favorite fruit है the mango , but his favorite है the lime. they dislike grapefruit , pears , and mangoes. india है beautiful during february , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in january. we like bananas and mangoes. the apple है my least liked fruit , but the lime है her least liked. china है कभी-कभी pleasant during november , but it है cold in spring. i dislike strawberries , lemons , and mangoes. नई जर्सी है freezing during june , but it है usually nice in winter. नई जर्सी है usually cold during november , but it है busy in may. paris है never cold during august , and it है never freezing in february. his least liked fruit है the pear , but your least liked है the banana. the strawberry है her favorite fruit , but the orange है our favorite. the strawberry है their most loved fruit , but the orange है our most loved. my most loved fruit है the apple , but their most loved है the grapefruit. india है कभी-कभी nice during may , and it है never pleasant in january. he dislikes strawberries and lemons. she likes grapes , bananas , and grapefruit. the united states है never nice during july , and it है never warm in december. the strawberry है your favorite fruit , but the lime है his favorite. he likes bananas , grapefruit , and pears. china है never cold during march , and it है never wonderful in autumn. the lime है her favorite fruit , but the mango है your favorite. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during march , and it है कभी-कभी warm in september. paris है usually hot during august , but it है शांत in july. नई जर्सी है beautiful during june , but it है busy in march. नई जर्सी है beautiful during autumn , and it है mild in march. he dislikes the old red car. china है never cold during winter , but it है कभी-कभी wet in march. the peach है her favorite fruit , but the orange है their favorite. china है never pleasant during october , but it है कभी-कभी warm in spring. the mango है his least favorite fruit , but the orange है their least favorite. california है कभी-कभी beautiful during may , and it है usually mild in june. the united states है never relaxing during november , and it है wet in winter. he dislikes grapefruit , mangoes , and strawberries. नई जर्सी है hot during fall , and it है cold in march. the united states है never cold during december , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in september. the united states है कभी-कभी relaxing during fall , and it है wonderful in november. france है never wet during march , and it है never शांत in july. the pear है our favorite fruit , but the lemon है their favorite. the united states है usually wet during may , and it है usually warm in april. france है कभी-कभी chilly during summer , and it है usually शांत in winter. france है never beautiful during february , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in autumn. नई जर्सी है usually wet during december , but it है never chilly in october. the apple है our least liked fruit , but the orange है my least liked. नई जर्सी है beautiful during july , but it है mild in autumn. california है nice during june , but it है snowy in december. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during december , but it है snowy in spring. did she go to the lake ? she dislikes oranges , limes , and grapefruit. india है usually cold during june , and it है freezing in spring. france है relaxing during winter , and it है never शांत in april. नई जर्सी है never chilly during autumn , and it है usually beautiful in september. paris है कभी-कभी शांत during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी wet in summer. her most loved fruit है the strawberry , but my most loved है the banana. my least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but her least favorite है the peach. the cat was her least favorite animal. the united states है कभी-कभी snowy during december , but it है usually pleasant in november. california है कभी-कभी hot during february , and it है never warm in april. your least favorite fruit है the mango , but our least favorite है the grapefruit. i dislike pears , limes , and oranges. india है कभी-कभी wonderful during autumn , and it है never rainy in september. the pear है your least favorite fruit , but the banana है her least favorite. we dislike oranges , strawberries , and pears. the united states है never rainy during august , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in summer. our least favorite fruit है the grape , but her least favorite है the lemon. india है never mild during march , but it है never cold in winter. their favorite fruit है the lemon , but her favorite है the orange. he dislikes a नई green automobile. the peach है his least liked fruit , but the pear है my least liked. नई जर्सी है usually relaxing during may , and it है usually dry in summer. france है never rainy during november , and it है never warm in autumn. france है never शांत during july , and it है usually freezing in winter. india है usually dry during april , and it है usually beautiful in july. france है beautiful during march , and it है कभी-कभी warm in september. paris है never beautiful during winter , but it है usually freezing in november. paris है never hot during february , but it है usually chilly in spring. china है rainy during january , but it है warm in july. paris है कभी-कभी snowy during february , and it है कभी-कभी dry in june. france है never busy during summer , but it है dry in fall. why didn't she go to the football field ? china है warm during may , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in october. the lime है his least favorite fruit , but the lemon है her least favorite. the united states है कभी-कभी cold during february , and it है pleasant in march. china है never dry during april , and it है never freezing in june. the mango है our least liked fruit , but the lime है your least liked. the lemon है her most loved fruit , but the apple है my most loved. my most loved fruit है the strawberry , but her most loved है the lime. नई जर्सी है usually mild during spring , and it है usually beautiful in fall. california है usually pleasant during may , and it है rainy in november. her least favorite animal was that shark. our least liked fruit है the lime , but his least liked है the orange. california है never chilly during spring , but it है usually dry in fall. china है never rainy during may , and it है pleasant in october. she likes grapefruit , bananas , and pears. the orange है your favorite fruit , but the pear है their favorite. california है beautiful during spring , and it है usually freezing in may. नई जर्सी है never cold during december , but it है never beautiful in february. the united states है usually busy during december , and it है beautiful in november. china है कभी-कभी relaxing during winter , and it है कभी-कभी cold in autumn. india है कभी-कभी freezing during october , and it है कभी-कभी wet in winter. china है usually wet during june , and it है usually mild in october. the united states है कभी-कभी chilly during april , and it है relaxing in spring. he wanted to go to नई जर्सी last february. she dislikes grapefruit , peaches , and strawberries. california है never freezing during october , but it है never rainy in fall. california है never hot during august , and it है usually freezing in january. france है कभी-कभी busy during june , but it है wet in summer. paris है wet during summer , but it है never busy in january. california है pleasant during march , but it है never relaxing in may. i dislike strawberries , lemons , and oranges. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during may , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in september. she was driving the नई black truck. she drives a big green truck. the united states है कभी-कभी mild during november , and it है wonderful in march. you dislike grapefruit , peaches , and limes. paris है warm during october , and it है usually freezing in may. france है wonderful during spring , and it है freezing in september. california है कभी-कभी chilly during august , but it है warm in march. india है never wet during march , but it है never beautiful in june. france है कभी-कभी freezing during june , and it है usually relaxing in january. india है never cold during september , but it है never chilly in april. her most loved fruit है the mango , but their most loved है the grape. california है कभी-कभी nice during january , but it है snowy in september. france है usually mild during autumn , and it है usually wet in october. she likes mangoes , peaches , and limes. india है beautiful during autumn , but it है wonderful in winter. the united states है beautiful during april , and it है usually rainy in december. he likes bananas , peaches , and grapes. california है कभी-कभी nice during may , but it है never warm in january. the united states है कभी-कभी wonderful during september , and it है warm in december. he likes apples , strawberries , and pears. we like grapefruit , lemons , and strawberries. you like apples and strawberries. california है never rainy during winter , and it है wonderful in june. we plan to visit paris in november. she dislikes oranges , limes , and strawberries. she likes oranges , limes , and strawberries. we dislike oranges , grapefruit , and mangoes. france है warm during may , and it है nice in march. she dislikes mangoes , lemons , and peaches. the united states है usually mild during december , but it है dry in may. india है कभी-कभी wet during august , and it है never mild in september. india है कभी-कभी rainy during spring , but it है beautiful in july. her least favorite fruit है the lemon , but my least favorite है the strawberry. the united states है usually cold during may , and it है कभी-कभी warm in spring. she went to china last summer. his least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but their least liked है the lemon. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during june , and it है usually beautiful in summer. i dislike lemons , peaches , and grapefruit. नई जर्सी है wet during march , but it है usually rainy in fall. he dislikes peaches , lemons , and apples. the grape है my most loved fruit , but the lime है your most loved. paris है never warm during fall , and it है कभी-कभी cold in march. india है usually warm during february , and it है कभी-कभी nice in august. paris है never chilly during march , and it है usually nice in january. india है never cold during november , but it है कभी-कभी busy in summer. france है usually mild during march , and it है usually nice in fall. they dislike mangoes , grapes , and lemons. the united states है कभी-कभी wonderful during september , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in october. california है usually nice during summer , but it है usually hot in winter. your favorite fruit है the strawberry , but their favorite है the lemon. he likes strawberries , mangoes , and peaches. she likes lemons , mangoes , and peaches. the united states है कभी-कभी pleasant during september , and it है usually warm in july. नई जर्सी है never nice during autumn , and it है usually hot in october. india है usually hot during june , and it है never wonderful in july. their favorite fruit है the apple , but his favorite है the lime. california है usually chilly during august , and it है wonderful in september. you dislike strawberries and peaches. the united states है कभी-कभी beautiful during june , but it है usually busy in autumn. their least liked fruit है the mango , but our least liked है the pear. the lime है our least favorite fruit , but the banana है her least favorite. india है कभी-कभी शांत during march , but it है कभी-कभी warm in fall. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during autumn , and it है usually busy in november. he wants to go to the united states next spring. नई जर्सी है usually pleasant during august , but it है कभी-कभी cold in january. the united states है never hot during fall , and it है never dry in september. नई जर्सी है beautiful during fall , but it है relaxing in march. california है usually chilly during spring , but it है busy in autumn. they dislike mangoes and apples. she dislikes pears , oranges , and peaches. india है usually cold during summer , but it है beautiful in february. when are they going to the eiffel tower ? i dislike peaches , lemons , and mangoes. france है usually wonderful during november , but it है usually cold in july. our least favorite fruit है the grape , but your least favorite है the apple. the banana है their least favorite fruit , but the peach है your least favorite. नई जर्सी है usually snowy during march , and it है relaxing in summer. california है कभी-कभी busy during december , but it है usually freezing in november. california है never busy during april , and it है never beautiful in july. california है nice during september , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in fall. you dislike limes , pears , and oranges. our most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but my most loved है the peach. his least favorite fruit है the mango , but their least favorite है the peach. india है never beautiful during february , and it है usually relaxing in winter. the united states है कभी-कभी mild during spring , and it है usually relaxing in summer. she might go to the united states next august. france है never wonderful during december , but it है never relaxing in november. she dislikes mangoes , bananas , and grapefruit. paris है wonderful during january , but it है never beautiful in may. california है chilly during july , but it है snowy in october. she likes mangoes , strawberries , and grapefruit. france है snowy during september , but it है usually nice in december. california है cold during july , and it है कभी-कभी mild in summer. he है driving that rusty yellow car. china है never mild during march , and it है never pleasant in october. china है cold during april , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in july. their favorite fruit है the orange , but our favorite है the apple. india है nice during september , and it है usually freezing in summer. china है never wet during june , and it है never cold in autumn. paris है never beautiful during november , and it है कभी-कभी mild in december. she disliked the नई yellow automobile. she likes limes and mangoes. paris है never nice during march , and it है busy in june. india है never chilly during february , and it है snowy in december. he liked a shiny red car. india है hot during november , but it है कभी-कभी nice in august. india है कभी-कभी rainy during spring , and it है never nice in february. india है never snowy during may , and it है usually wonderful in fall. नई जर्सी है never beautiful during summer , and it है relaxing in august. paris है never nice during april , and it है usually mild in january. california है never beautiful during august , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in february. she saw the old green truck. our least favorite fruit है the banana , but her least favorite है the grape. नई जर्सी है chilly during july , but it है never cold in september. france है never mild during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in spring. you dislike grapefruit , peaches , and pears. our least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but their least favorite है the mango. china है nice during april , but it है usually freezing in october. नई जर्सी है warm during october , but it है कभी-कभी busy in fall. india है never freezing during april , and it है wonderful in spring. france है usually freezing during autumn , but it है usually wet in march. नई जर्सी है relaxing during autumn , but it है busy in winter. she dislikes lemons , oranges , and grapefruit. the united states है कभी-कभी snowy during june , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in september. i dislike grapes and apples. china है usually wonderful during november , and it है relaxing in summer. the united states है never relaxing during january , but it है wonderful in fall. he dislikes oranges , apples , and grapes. france है mild during february , but it है कभी-कभी busy in july. india है relaxing during march , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in october. your most loved animals were snakes. france है usually pleasant during november , and it है never nice in autumn. she dislikes oranges , grapes , and grapefruit. नई जर्सी है usually warm during april , but it है dry in february. he likes mangoes , apples , and grapes. he liked that नई black truck. india है कभी-कभी cold during november , but it है never freezing in may. paris है never warm during october , but it है usually freezing in spring. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी pleasant during november , and it है कभी-कभी dry in april. we like grapefruit , grapes , and oranges. the united states है कभी-कभी freezing during april , but it है never wonderful in july. the united states है relaxing during autumn , and it है never dry in september. नई जर्सी है usually mild during march , and it है कभी-कभी hot in january. she was driving that नई white automobile. your favorite fruit है the orange , but our favorite है the grapefruit. california है never beautiful during spring , and it है usually freezing in may. our least favorite fruit है the apple , but their least favorite है the orange. paris है कभी-कभी wet during summer , and it है never hot in february. california है कभी-कभी hot during january , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in december. i dislike strawberries , grapefruit , and lemons. the united states है usually snowy during february , and it है wonderful in april. france है warm during january , and it है usually wonderful in winter. the mango है your favorite fruit , but the peach है their favorite. china है कभी-कभी busy during august , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in autumn. china है कभी-कभी hot during spring , but it है warm in july. she है driving the नई white automobile. the orange है his most loved fruit , but the mango है their most loved. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी cold during january , and it है dry in march. china है कभी-कभी beautiful during january , but it है कभी-कभी cold in october. i like lemons and bananas. he likes strawberries and mangoes. he dislikes grapes , limes , and strawberries. your favorite fruit है the mango , but their favorite है the apple. the united states है snowy during june , and it है never rainy in july. china है usually rainy during july , and it है chilly in may. france है usually dry during march , but it है usually wet in spring. california है usually hot during march , but it है usually rainy in spring. he likes bananas , grapes , and limes. china है chilly during winter , but it है never warm in april. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी dry during summer , and it है never relaxing in winter. china है never freezing during july , but it है usually relaxing in february. he drives that old black truck. नई जर्सी है usually beautiful during winter , but it है कभी-कभी cold in march. the united states है कभी-कभी wonderful during summer , but it है usually beautiful in april. china है usually wet during july , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in december. he likes that rusty red automobile. the united states है cold during february , but it है usually rainy in spring. paris है usually mild during september , and it है usually relaxing in january. the pear है our most loved fruit , but the lime है his most loved. you dislike pears , limes , and oranges. france है chilly during december , and it है never warm in june. paris है कभी-कभी snowy during autumn , and it है freezing in december. the united states है usually freezing during march , and it है snowy in summer. he drives the old black automobile. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during spring , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in may. she disliked the नई green car. she liked a little yellow car. she likes grapefruit , oranges , and bananas. our most loved fruit है the peach , but my most loved है the apple. california है warm during august , but it है mild in spring. paris है hot during winter , but it है never snowy in june. she dislikes grapes , lemons , and oranges. the united states है never busy during winter , but it है usually cold in summer. the united states है never snowy during february , and it है never beautiful in august. he plans to visit india in september. paris है usually warm during december , and it है usually hot in october. your favorite fruit है the lemon , but their favorite है the strawberry. their least liked fruit है the apple , but my least liked है the grapefruit. we like limes , oranges , and bananas. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी busy during may , and it है never cold in january. the united states है beautiful during autumn , and it है never cold in december. china है कभी-कभी rainy during february , and it है busy in march. paris है rainy during may , and it है कभी-कभी nice in october. china है usually cold during august , and it है never mild in summer. he dislikes strawberries , apples , and grapes. paris है कभी-कभी nice during fall , and it है never wonderful in june. the united states है कभी-कभी hot during september , and it है कभी-कभी cold in december. he drove that little yellow truck. the grape है our favorite fruit , but the lime है my favorite. she dislikes oranges , pears , and grapes. she है going to france next july. नई जर्सी है usually busy during fall , and it है कभी-कभी mild in winter. california है कभी-कभी mild during may , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in winter. our favorite fruit है the peach , but your favorite है the banana. i dislike peaches , lemons , and limes. paris है never mild during september , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in spring. the lemon है her favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है our favorite. the orange है his favorite fruit , but the grape है our favorite. she likes grapes , pears , and limes. his favorite fruit है the apple , but my favorite है the grapefruit. she dislikes pears , bananas , and strawberries. her least liked fruit है the peach , but our least liked है the grape. paris है usually busy during january , and it है snowy in november. the united states है कभी-कभी beautiful during april , and it है dry in february. paris है never wonderful during august , but it है usually pleasant in winter. her least favorite fruit है the peach , but your least favorite है the banana. she dislikes strawberries , oranges , and bananas. her most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but my most loved है the pear. france है usually busy during january , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in september. the united states है usually snowy during april , but it है कभी-कभी hot in december. california है usually relaxing during summer , but it है never beautiful in september. your least liked fruit है the peach , but her least liked है the lemon. she likes that shiny yellow automobile. paris है usually chilly during july , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in may. the pear है her favorite fruit , but the mango है your favorite. the united states है never शांत during october , and it है wet in spring. the united states है never warm during february , and it है hot in march. नई जर्सी है never relaxing during may , and it है कभी-कभी busy in march. france है कभी-कभी snowy during december , and it है usually warm in winter. paris है usually nice during october , and it है usually freezing in november. the united states है never hot during may , but it है usually beautiful in spring. the lemon है their least liked fruit , but the strawberry है my least liked. china है कभी-कभी wonderful during may , and it है usually hot in october. their least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but her least favorite है the lime. the banana है your most loved fruit , but the orange है her most loved. his least liked fruit है the pear , but your least liked है the strawberry. california है never freezing during autumn , and it है usually शांत in winter. he dislikes lemons , grapes , and strawberries. our least liked fruit है the peach , but my least liked है the mango. china है never nice during october , and it है beautiful in february. the pear है your favorite fruit , but the mango है our favorite. india है dry during spring , but it है relaxing in autumn. india है usually mild during fall , and it है hot in december. she drove a big blue car. she drives a rusty black automobile. he dislikes bananas , apples , and grapefruit. he drives that rusty blue automobile. china है कभी-कभी beautiful during december , and it है usually pleasant in january. china है never freezing during march , and it है relaxing in november. paris है never hot during august , but it है usually chilly in winter. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी cold during summer , and it है pleasant in september. china है कभी-कभी mild during june , but it है relaxing in november. india है usually cold during may , and it है never busy in september. the united states है never शांत during autumn , but it है usually nice in summer. he likes peaches , mangoes , and lemons. he likes apples , peaches , and oranges. france है usually chilly during spring , and it है pleasant in february. she dislikes oranges , lemons , and peaches. your favorite animal है that lion. you like apples , lemons , and bananas. the pear है your most loved fruit , but the grape है their most loved. the orange है her favorite fruit , but the peach है their favorite. our most loved fruit है the mango , but your most loved है the peach. नई जर्सी है usually rainy during autumn , and it है nice in january. india है कभी-कभी nice during may , and it है never chilly in august. he dislikes lemons , apples , and oranges. the peach है my favorite fruit , but the pear है our favorite. she likes lemons , oranges , and strawberries. the pear है my favorite fruit , but the orange है his favorite. paris है usually snowy during november , and it है never cold in fall. the lime है her least liked fruit , but the peach है my least liked. he dislikes strawberries , grapes , and lemons. india है कभी-कभी beautiful during january , but it है कभी-कभी mild in march. california है usually mild during fall , and it है कभी-कभी wet in october. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी chilly during summer , and it है usually nice in march. france है never wonderful during july , and it है snowy in april. she drove that shiny yellow truck. the united states है never beautiful during november , and it है usually relaxing in summer. the grapefruit है his favorite fruit , but the lemon है your favorite. france है शांत during august , and it है chilly in september. the united states है dry during july , but it है snowy in january. china है कभी-कभी relaxing during winter , but it है usually beautiful in spring. california है mild during may , and it है cold in february. the peach है my favorite fruit , but the orange है his favorite. he likes oranges , strawberries , and pears. paris है कभी-कभी warm during november , and it है pleasant in winter. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी dry during october , and it है कभी-कभी hot in june. france है कभी-कभी nice during march , but it है busy in summer. नई जर्सी है never freezing during april , but it है usually chilly in october. china है freezing during october , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in february. my favorite fruit है the orange , but your favorite है the mango. you like grapes. france है never freezing during summer , but it है mild in july. paris है usually mild during january , but it है usually शांत in september. the snake है your favorite animal. our least favorite fruit है the orange , but my least favorite है the strawberry. our favorite fruit है the pear , but their favorite है the banana. नई जर्सी है snowy during april , but it है relaxing in july. नई जर्सी है nice during spring , but it है usually शांत in january. she likes pears , strawberries , and peaches. they like bananas , strawberries , and peaches. china है never warm during spring , but it है never rainy in july. they dislike bananas , limes , and lemons. you dislike peaches , oranges , and apples. she dislikes limes , oranges , and mangoes. he likes the big white truck. नई जर्सी है mild during november , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in july. china है usually wet during september , but it है कभी-कभी busy in april. paris है usually mild during august , but it है never nice in july. their favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but my favorite है the lemon. नई जर्सी है never शांत during spring , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in february. she dislikes big limes. the peach है their favorite fruit , but the grape है her favorite. paris है never warm during november , but it है usually relaxing in may. he likes bananas , pears , and grapes. the united states है कभी-कभी busy during september , and it है usually chilly in march. she dislikes mangoes , oranges , and pears. paris है usually freezing during fall , and it है usually relaxing in february. the mango है their favorite fruit , but the apple है your favorite. the united states है never nice during april , but it है usually beautiful in spring. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी beautiful during december , but it है never dry in april. they are going to india next october. we like pears , limes , and mangoes. she disliked that big green automobile. the united states है कभी-कभी chilly during october , and it है never warm in june. he likes limes , grapefruit , and pears. paris है कभी-कभी cold during may , but it है usually hot in september. paris है never dry during august , and it है wonderful in summer. she likes limes , mangoes , and lemons. china है snowy during autumn , but it है never freezing in august. the pear है your least favorite fruit , but the peach है their least favorite. china है usually pleasant during january , but it है usually relaxing in autumn. the grapefruit है her most loved fruit , but the lemon है his most loved. paris है usually wonderful during april , and it है never busy in winter. california है never warm during autumn , but it है never शांत in june. you like oranges and apples. cats were her most loved animals. our least liked fruit है the lemon , but her least liked है the strawberry. paris है never rainy during september , and it है wet in spring. my least liked fruit है the mango , but your least liked है the strawberry. your least favorite fruit है the grape , but her least favorite है the lemon. our most loved fruit है the apple , but your most loved है the orange. california है कभी-कभी mild during december , and it है never nice in april. she dislikes grapes , strawberries , and apples. his favorite animal was this lion. her least favorite fruit है the mango , but our least favorite है the grape. we dislike mangoes , apples , and grapes. the united states है freezing during autumn , and it है usually hot in april. she liked a little green automobile. the peach है our least liked fruit , but the grape है her least liked. your favorite fruit है the lime , but our favorite है the lemon. the united states है busy during winter , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in fall. he likes lemons and grapes. your least favorite fruit है the grape. china है usually rainy during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in july. i like pears , limes , and lemons. france है usually pleasant during may , and it है never dry in june. paris है usually rainy during winter , and it है warm in august. the united states है never शांत during march , and it है usually busy in may. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी busy during summer , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in march. नई जर्सी है never mild during september , and it है warm in october. china है कभी-कभी relaxing during fall , but it है usually snowy in summer. the united states है usually warm during winter , and it है never pleasant in spring. paris है usually snowy during july , and it है wonderful in december. the grapefruit है my least liked fruit , but the strawberry है his least liked. paris है nice during december , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in september. china है usually relaxing during december , but it है कभी-कभी cold in september. china है usually nice during august , but it है usually freezing in may. नई जर्सी है hot during february , but it है cold in march. his least favorite fruit है the grape , but our least favorite है the mango. the united states है busy during july , but it है never wonderful in autumn. he dislikes strawberries , oranges , and bananas. india है कभी-कभी rainy during july , but it है usually pleasant in september. the apple है my least liked fruit , but the mango है our least liked. paris है usually beautiful during march , but it है कभी-कभी cold in august. china है hot during june , and it है relaxing in april. this snake was my least favorite animal. france है कभी-कभी cold during may , and it है nice in december. the apple है my favorite fruit , but the grape है his favorite. china है never शांत during summer , and it है snowy in june. नई जर्सी है usually dry during autumn , and it है never wet in january. paris है usually snowy during may , and it है never शांत in winter. china है कभी-कभी pleasant during october , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in august. paris है usually beautiful during may , and it है dry in spring. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during november , but it है never freezing in february. the grapefruit है your favorite fruit , but the banana है their favorite. she dislikes apples , grapefruit , and strawberries. his least favorite fruit है the lime , but my least favorite है the orange. the banana है his least liked fruit , but the orange है your least liked. paris है wonderful during fall , but it है freezing in may. california है usually warm during february , but it है never hot in january. नई जर्सी है hot during december , and it है usually freezing in winter. california है usually wet during december , and it है कभी-कभी hot in summer. france है usually snowy during summer , but it है never wet in november. california है कभी-कभी wet during march , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in september. france है usually शांत during fall , but it है usually pleasant in june. california है usually hot during december , and it है कभी-कभी busy in october. the united states है wet during december , but it है wonderful in november. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी freezing during february , but it है never mild in july. paris है usually mild during august , and it है busy in summer. she dislikes strawberries , limes , and grapes. france है कभी-कभी nice during october , but it है beautiful in summer. he dislikes oranges , pears , and strawberries. his most loved fruit है the orange , but her most loved है the lemon. you dislike pears , strawberries , and apples. china है usually beautiful during september , but it है cold in autumn. he likes pears , strawberries , and apples. i like strawberries , mangoes , and grapes. the grape है his least liked fruit , but the lime है their least liked. my least favorite fruit है the mango , but his least favorite है the grapefruit. the strawberry है my favorite fruit , but the orange है their favorite. the cat है my most loved animal. the united states है never mild during spring , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in autumn. california है never relaxing during winter , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in march. california है never शांत during december , but it है wonderful in winter. the grapefruit है your favorite fruit , but the apple है his favorite. their least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but her least favorite है the pear. he dislikes pears and limes. paris है कभी-कभी hot during fall , and it है usually dry in june. california है freezing during september , and it है never relaxing in november. china है never busy during april , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in september. india है कभी-कभी warm during autumn , but it है never wonderful in june. paris है कभी-कभी dry during january , but it है usually busy in november. california है relaxing during november , but it है कभी-कभी dry in september. she likes pears , grapes , and strawberries. the united states है कभी-कभी beautiful during september , but it है कभी-कभी cold in july. the united states है never hot during spring , and it है freezing in september. california है never dry during spring , and it है कभी-कभी cold in autumn. california है mild during march , and it है usually pleasant in december. the united states है never relaxing during december , but it है usually chilly in august. this elephant was your most feared animal. he dislikes grapes , oranges , and bananas. the lime है our favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है their favorite. she likes grapes and limes. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wonderful during may , and it है never beautiful in august. the united states है usually rainy during november , but it है never warm in january. france है कभी-कभी hot during june , and it है wonderful in december. paris है कभी-कभी hot during september , and it है never mild in november. china है usually beautiful during january , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in february. france है never wet during may , and it है never rainy in autumn. china है never beautiful during february , and it है chilly in march. they dislike peaches and oranges. he dislikes the shiny yellow truck. she went to california last winter. the united states है कभी-कभी शांत during june , and it है usually rainy in july. the united states है शांत during november , and it है rainy in september. the united states है कभी-कभी mild during fall , but it है usually nice in april. france है कभी-कभी warm during may , but it है usually beautiful in fall. she likes pears , grapefruit , and strawberries. his least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but my least favorite है the orange. he likes lemons , grapes , and oranges. the lime है his least liked fruit , but the lemon है my least liked. india है usually pleasant during july , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in april. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during october , but it है usually freezing in september. he dislikes limes , grapes , and apples. her least favorite animal was that snake. नई जर्सी है never chilly during april , but it है usually beautiful in october. china है pleasant during spring , and it है busy in march. france है usually wet during september , but it है never busy in january. नई जर्सी है hot during autumn , and it है dry in fall. the bird was my most feared animal. she likes oranges , apples , and bananas. the apple है his least liked fruit , but the lime है her least liked. india है usually शांत during august , and it है usually freezing in autumn. नई जर्सी है never relaxing during november , but it है never warm in summer. नई जर्सी है never warm during july , and it है beautiful in autumn. france है usually rainy during june , and it है कभी-कभी mild in may. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी warm during summer , but it है usually cold in autumn. नई जर्सी है usually dry during winter , but it है never freezing in august. paris है wet during july , and it है कभी-कभी mild in may. china है usually warm during spring , but it है usually शांत in april. our least liked fruit है the grape , but my least liked है the strawberry. california है wonderful during march , and it है never mild in summer. the united states है usually relaxing during june , and it है never hot in march. paris है usually beautiful during winter , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in spring. the grapefruit है our favorite fruit , but the banana है your favorite. paris है usually rainy during february , and it है never warm in september. france है usually warm during april , but it है usually snowy in august. india है usually snowy during april , and it है never warm in october. she dislikes a नई blue car. china है never beautiful during winter , but it है never cold in october. our favorite fruit है the grape , but their favorite है the mango. france है usually chilly during spring , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in april. strawberries are your least liked fruit. he है driving the old green automobile. the united states है usually wonderful during june , and it है never chilly in winter. california है usually शांत during december , but it है never busy in january. the apple है his least favorite fruit , but the peach है our least favorite. china है कभी-कभी dry during december , but it है never mild in march. your least liked fruit है the banana , but his least liked है the lime. he dislikes limes , peaches , and lemons. india है कभी-कभी busy during spring , but it है never relaxing in winter. she likes the rusty red truck. india है usually wet during march , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in autumn. the lemon है your most loved fruit , but the lime है his most loved. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during may , and it है usually relaxing in august. france है usually dry during summer , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in april. the apple है my favorite fruit , but the grape है your favorite. she likes apples , lemons , and grapes. why did he go to india ? paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during february , and it है wet in winter. his most loved fruit है the strawberry , but their most loved है the lime. my least favorite fruit है the lemon , but our least favorite है the peach. the united states है never hot during may , but it है wet in july. she drives the shiny blue truck. china है never cold during may , and it है usually snowy in february. your most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but her most loved है the strawberry. the united states है usually relaxing during february , but it है कभी-कभी hot in october. france है usually busy during october , but it है usually relaxing in december. the united states है pleasant during july , and it है nice in february. नई जर्सी है cold during june , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in autumn. california है कभी-कभी pleasant during december , but it है कभी-कभी mild in july. the united states है usually mild during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी wet in january. china है rainy during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in august. paris है hot during winter , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in may. paris है never beautiful during summer , but it है never dry in december. france है कभी-कभी hot during august , and it है never warm in october. she likes peaches , bananas , and lemons. france है usually wonderful during summer , and it है never hot in july. the united states है never शांत during autumn , but it है wonderful in april. china है wet during march , but it है rainy in december. our least liked fruit है the mango , but his least liked है the peach. india है warm during january , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in summer. california है usually beautiful during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी dry in may. paris है never शांत during march , but it है dry in spring. i like mangoes , grapefruit , and pears. india है wonderful during january , and it है never busy in september. he likes apples , pears , and oranges. her most loved fruit है the orange , but our most loved है the pear. paris है usually dry during september , but it है beautiful in october. the pear है her favorite fruit , but the mango है my favorite. do you think translating between portuguese and chinese है easy ? the united states है कभी-कभी warm during september , but it है chilly in april. china है relaxing during july , and it है usually freezing in april. he dislikes oranges , peaches , and mangoes. india है usually relaxing during autumn , and it है cold in may. नई जर्सी है never cold during winter , and it है usually freezing in december. the united states है usually beautiful during july , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in february. she wanted to go to the united states last october. their least liked fruit है the peach , but her least liked है the mango. he likes pears , strawberries , and peaches. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी dry during spring , and it है usually beautiful in october. china है कभी-कभी warm during march , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in may. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during february , and it है never snowy in summer. her most loved fruit है the banana , but my most loved है the mango. she likes bananas and grapefruit. you like limes , pears , and strawberries. the united states है never nice during may , but it है freezing in april. i like apples , grapefruit , and oranges. the united states है never freezing during december , but it है chilly in summer. france है usually hot during october , and it है usually rainy in december. our most loved fruit है the banana , but her most loved है the lime. नई जर्सी है never chilly during december , but it है कभी-कभी nice in february. he dislikes apples , grapes , and mangoes. the cat है my most feared animal. paris है usually शांत during winter , and it है कभी-कभी wet in april. the lemon है your most loved fruit , but the mango है his most loved. she was driving that rusty yellow truck. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during may , and it है wet in july. the apple है your least favorite fruit , but the lemon है her least favorite. her least liked fruit है the orange , but his least liked है the lime. she dislikes mangoes , apples , and grapes. the mango है her most loved fruit , but the grape है their most loved. paris है usually शांत during july , but it है कभी-कभी mild in september. india है usually warm during autumn , but it है wet in fall. california है mild during january , but it है never relaxing in winter. she likes mangoes , pears , and strawberries. china है freezing during spring , but it है never snowy in october. india है कभी-कभी cold during spring , but it है usually hot in january. california है never mild during august , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in october. नई जर्सी है usually wonderful during december , and it है never dry in april. paris है rainy during spring , and it है mild in fall. france है never freezing during october , but it है usually wet in fall. my most loved animal was that dog. he dislikes limes , lemons , and oranges. california है never mild during february , but it है usually wonderful in winter. he likes oranges , apples , and grapefruit. paris है freezing during summer , but it है usually chilly in may. her least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but his least favorite है the mango. paris है never nice during spring , but it है rainy in july. california है usually wonderful during october , and it है chilly in march. california है wet during winter , but it है usually busy in spring. the united states है usually hot during march , but it है usually cold in july. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी mild during august , and it है कभी-कभी warm in october. they like lemons and mangoes. the lime है their favorite fruit , but the lemon है my favorite. our most loved fruit है the banana , but your most loved है the mango. china है usually freezing during july , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in december. my favorite fruit है the apple , but her favorite है the grape. she drives that shiny white truck. she dislikes the नई black car. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during summer , but it है never snowy in autumn. he plans to visit the united states in may. oranges are my favorite fruit. france है busy during september , and it है never dry in november. my favorite fruit है the pear , but their favorite है the banana. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wonderful during summer , and it है never dry in march. india है never mild during september , but it है pleasant in june. india है busy during march , but it है usually relaxing in autumn. france है कभी-कभी snowy during may , but it है usually freezing in winter. we like oranges and pears. the strawberry है his most loved fruit , but the apple है your most loved. france है mild during autumn , but it है usually cold in december. the lemon है her least liked fruit , but the banana है our least liked. china है कभी-कभी wonderful during fall , and it है usually hot in february. france है never snowy during december , but it है usually relaxing in summer. china है nice during december , but it है never warm in october. her least favorite fruit है the apple , but his least favorite है the lemon. नई जर्सी है rainy during september , and it है beautiful in fall. our least favorite fruit है the mango , but her least favorite है the orange. she likes pears , grapefruit , and lemons. नई जर्सी है usually nice during may , but it है usually pleasant in autumn. india है शांत during fall , and it है never beautiful in summer. he likes grapefruit , limes , and mangoes. paris है cold during summer , and it है कभी-कभी dry in september. i think it है difficult to translate between french and english. she might go to california next summer. she likes grapefruit , mangoes , and apples. paris है nice during september , but it है शांत in june. california है usually freezing during november , but it है कभी-कभी cold in july. india है usually wet during june , but it है कभी-कभी cold in january. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी शांत during winter , but it है usually relaxing in october. paris है never chilly during march , but it है never snowy in december. paris है कभी-कभी wet during february , and it है never snowy in june. france है hot during summer , but it है usually busy in august. he likes grapes , apples , and strawberries. california है wonderful during may , and it है usually beautiful in april. france है usually शांत during march , and it है usually relaxing in november. he likes apples , oranges , and strawberries. नई जर्सी है usually wet during january , and it है never snowy in march. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wonderful during july , but it है usually snowy in january. china है snowy during july , and it है never chilly in summer. i like oranges , grapefruit , and pears. his most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but my most loved है the mango. my least liked fruit है the lemon , but our least liked है the peach. india है usually chilly during june , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in february. he likes peaches , grapes , and pears. the peach है your least favorite fruit , but the pear है her least favorite. china है never hot during august , and it है beautiful in fall. his least liked fruit है the peach , but my least liked है the apple. paris है कभी-कभी rainy during spring , and it है never relaxing in november. california है कभी-कभी cold during february , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in october. नई जर्सी है usually warm during winter , and it है usually relaxing in december. she thinks it है easy to translate between chinese and english. that bird was my least favorite animal. he dislikes oranges , mangoes , and lemons. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during fall , but it है usually wonderful in november. you dislike peaches and oranges. the united states है snowy during winter , but it है usually busy in summer. california है pleasant during july , and it है कभी-कभी mild in october. china है wonderful during november , but it है dry in february. they like lemons , apples , and strawberries. my least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but her least favorite है the grape. paris है never busy during december , but it है cold in autumn. she likes grapefruit , apples , and grapes. france है never dry during october , and it है never warm in december. china है usually mild during december , and it है never busy in summer. paris है कभी-कभी nice during may , and it है never wonderful in fall. california है never pleasant during spring , and it है snowy in august. paris है warm during december , but it है never hot in summer. india है कभी-कभी beautiful during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी hot in summer. नई जर्सी है relaxing during september , but it है usually chilly in april. france है usually शांत during winter , and it है usually snowy in may. नई जर्सी है never warm during september , but it है snowy in october. california है never chilly during november , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in may. the banana है my least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है your least favorite. china है usually beautiful during fall , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in april. france है कभी-कभी beautiful during february , but it है usually wonderful in april. we dislike oranges , apples , and mangoes. the grapefruit है his least favorite fruit , but the pear है my least favorite. he dislikes mangoes , limes , and strawberries. india है कभी-कभी hot during december , but it है rainy in july. they dislike apples , oranges , and strawberries. the peach है your least liked fruit , but the pear है our least liked. he dislikes grapes , strawberries , and apples. france है never freezing during april , but it है pleasant in autumn. she was driving a नई green car. we plan to visit china next november. my most loved fruit है the lemon , but our most loved है the strawberry. their most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but his most loved है the orange. we dislike lemons , grapes , and mangoes. he likes the big white automobile. you dislike apples , peaches , and oranges. california है कभी-कभी wet during september , and it है usually dry in fall. है she going to the united states ? he likes mangoes , limes , and grapefruit. paris है mild during july , but it है never hot in summer. india है rainy during february , but it है कभी-कभी mild in november. paris है relaxing during july , but it है usually pleasant in spring. china है कभी-कभी pleasant during summer , but it है never nice in october. paris है usually hot during august , and it है never pleasant in november. he dislikes grapes and apples. china है usually nice during october , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in february. she likes bananas , limes , and peaches. it's fun to translate spanish to portuguese. the orange है his favorite fruit , but the lime है my favorite. नई जर्सी है pleasant during summer , but it है never wet in august. he thinks it है fun to translate between chinese and spanish. they dislike pears , peaches , and limes. the united states है कभी-कभी nice during january , and it है usually शांत in may. the pear है your favorite fruit , but the peach है their favorite. my most feared animals were bears. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during winter , but it है usually hot in march. paris है usually hot during autumn , but it है usually wonderful in february. she dislikes apples , limes , and oranges. the strawberry है their least liked fruit , but the peach है her least liked. नई जर्सी है never cold during autumn , and it है never शांत in summer. the grape है her most loved fruit , but the pear है their most loved. paris है cold during january , but it है usually busy in march. the grapefruit है his least liked fruit , but the apple है your least liked. she dislikes that big white car. the united states है snowy during july , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in august. the mango है your least favorite fruit , but the grape है his least favorite. he dislikes bananas , pears , and oranges. paris है कभी-कभी wet during october , but it है never beautiful in may. she drove that shiny green automobile. india है never chilly during september , but it है usually hot in fall. california है usually beautiful during summer , but it है mild in july. his favorite fruit है the strawberry , but our favorite है the mango. china है never pleasant during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी busy in may. we dislike bananas , oranges , and strawberries. india है कभी-कभी pleasant during november , but it है never beautiful in june. the lime है her most loved fruit , but the apple है his most loved. you like limes , peaches , and strawberries. he drives that big blue car. france है usually chilly during december , but it है freezing in march. california है usually wet during september , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in autumn. india है busy during november , but it है usually hot in february. नई जर्सी है snowy during july , and it है never beautiful in summer. our favorite fruit है the strawberry , but your favorite है the lemon. they like lemons , limes , and oranges. our least favorite fruit है the grape , but their least favorite है the grapefruit. she likes mangoes , peaches , and grapes. the apple है your favorite fruit , but the mango है her favorite. i dislike lemons , grapes , and mangoes. california है never wonderful during june , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in december. नई जर्सी है usually beautiful during autumn , and it है snowy in september. my least favorite fruit है the pear , but our least favorite है the mango. the grape है our least liked fruit , but the peach है their least liked. the grapefruit है their least liked fruit , but the apple है your least liked. did he like the school ? i dislike oranges , lemons , and strawberries. his least liked fruit है the apple , but their least liked है the lemon. china है never cold during february , but it है warm in december. she dislikes limes , pears , and strawberries. france है hot during february , and it है usually relaxing in april. california है कभी-कभी hot during may , but it है pleasant in summer. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी snowy during october , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in autumn. france है rainy during june , and it है कभी-कभी hot in september. why did they go to the eiffel tower ? the grapefruit है their favorite fruit , but the banana है our favorite. france है warm during december , but it है relaxing in spring. they dislike lemons , mangoes , and bananas. paris है never busy during november , but it है usually beautiful in spring. he dislikes peaches , limes , and apples. the united states है never rainy during july , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in june. नई जर्सी है never शांत during november , and it है usually cold in autumn. california है never chilly during july , and it है never mild in august. france है कभी-कभी chilly during autumn , but it है never wonderful in summer. california है never pleasant during november , and it है usually hot in may. the pear है her least favorite fruit , but the orange है my least favorite. you dislike grapes , oranges , and strawberries. he है driving that old blue car. india है never dry during fall , but it है usually cold in june. he dislikes oranges , strawberries , and pears. china है never beautiful during december , and it है usually snowy in autumn. she likes lemons and mangoes. your favorite animal है the horse. his least favorite fruit है the apple , but my least favorite है the lime. california है freezing during fall , and it है कभी-कभी nice in august. the united states है beautiful during spring , and it है never mild in january. her least liked fruit है the lime. he likes strawberries , lemons , and grapefruit. he likes pears , peaches , and apples. china है wonderful during december , and it है never wet in fall. your least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but his least liked है the grape. paris है pleasant during november , but it है never mild in june. when did she go to paris ? china है कभी-कभी relaxing during january , and it है warm in september. california है कभी-कभी warm during may , but it है snowy in autumn. paris है never mild during april , but it है never hot in february. their favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but her favorite है the apple. india है chilly during summer , and it है usually beautiful in autumn. she likes apples , peaches , and strawberries. california है usually snowy during summer , and it है rainy in june. india है never busy during spring , but it है usually freezing in february. france है relaxing during may , and it है usually warm in january. the united states है कभी-कभी busy during september , but it है beautiful in june. paris है warm during fall , and it है mild in may. the united states है freezing during summer , but it है never chilly in july. नई जर्सी है usually dry during november , and it है busy in september. california है कभी-कभी शांत during may , and it है never dry in january. india है relaxing during july , and it है never beautiful in summer. he likes grapefruit , bananas , and peaches. california है usually pleasant during november , but it है usually wonderful in fall. california है कभी-कभी relaxing during winter , but it है never warm in summer. her most loved fruit है the apple , but his most loved है the peach. paris है usually cold during july , but it है never hot in june. paris है कभी-कभी wet during october , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in january. you like apples , lemons , and limes. china है warm during march , but it है never busy in may. the lemon है their favorite fruit , but the banana है our favorite. he likes limes , apples , and grapes. how was the weather in india last september ? नई जर्सी है usually busy during fall , and it है never snowy in may. we like apples , grapefruit , and oranges. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी rainy during spring , but it है never pleasant in october. the strawberry है her least liked fruit , but the mango है your least liked. the united states है chilly during february , but it है never freezing in september. paris है usually beautiful during december , but it है usually cold in june. china है never relaxing during april , but it है never wonderful in autumn. we dislike grapefruit , limes , and pears. the united states है शांत during december , but it है usually cold in summer. the lemon है our least liked fruit , but the lime है my least liked. paris है कभी-कभी wonderful during june , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in fall. france है never wet during winter , but it है busy in may. france है कभी-कभी chilly during june , and it है usually snowy in august. india है never mild during summer , but it है snowy in august. his least favorite animals were bears. his least liked fruit है the banana , but their least liked है the grapefruit. france है कभी-कभी freezing during march , but it है usually busy in winter. they dislike mangoes , apples , and grapes. paris है usually freezing during spring , but it है शांत in april. the united states है कभी-कभी snowy during may , but it है beautiful in autumn. france है usually wet during january , and it है usually rainy in summer. india है never cold during summer , but it है usually snowy in january. she likes grapefruit , mangoes , and apples. france है busy during winter , and it है कभी-कभी mild in march. he dislikes peaches , lemons , and limes. china है कभी-कभी nice during november , but it है warm in july. our most loved fruit है the banana , but his most loved है the peach. my most loved fruit है the lime , but her most loved है the grapefruit. we dislike grapefruit , pears , and oranges. california है usually wet during february , but it है never rainy in summer. california है कभी-कभी warm during spring , and it है never freezing in july. did you go to paris ? he dislikes grapes , bananas , and peaches. india है usually pleasant during fall , and it है usually शांत in november. china है freezing during march , but it है never wet in july. नई जर्सी है never cold during november , but it है usually busy in winter. paris है usually busy during march , but it है rainy in july. नई जर्सी है usually nice during fall , and it है pleasant in january. china है usually hot during winter , but it है कभी-कभी wet in january. the united states है कभी-कभी wonderful during summer , and it है usually snowy in september. नई जर्सी है never busy during november , but it है usually pleasant in june. he drives the नई red car. paris है usually शांत during march , and it है never nice in december. he drove a नई white truck. the apple है our most loved fruit , but the peach है my most loved. france है dry during january , but it है usually rainy in march. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी rainy during spring , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in january. he drives a big green automobile. the peach है her favorite fruit , but the lemon है my favorite. paris है usually relaxing during february , but it है never pleasant in spring. california है never snowy during december , but it है relaxing in august. her most loved animal was the bird. the united states है never freezing during october , but it है never wonderful in june. the united states है usually snowy during april , but it है usually warm in june. paris है never beautiful during spring , but it है dry in may. france है never chilly during summer , and it है usually busy in december. they plan to visit the united states next december. paris है usually cold during september , and it है never dry in spring. she likes grapes , mangoes , and bananas. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during summer , and it है कभी-कभी warm in september. the peach है their least liked fruit , but the banana है my least liked. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी beautiful during december , and it है never शांत in april. नई जर्सी है usually mild during winter , and it है usually snowy in april. he likes grapes , bananas , and grapefruit. paris है wet during january , but it है usually शांत in august. you dislike apples , mangoes , and lemons. the united states है beautiful during july , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in december. i like mangoes and grapes. paris है busy during october , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in march. india है snowy during november , and it है never relaxing in october. नई जर्सी है wet during july , but it है usually dry in august. paris है nice during february , but it है usually warm in spring. he likes pears , peaches , and strawberries. china है कभी-कभी busy during autumn , and it है usually snowy in february. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wonderful during may , and it है never pleasant in september. you like pears , grapefruit , and strawberries. china है hot during december , but it है कभी-कभी warm in may. california है wet during january , but it है warm in march. india है usually mild during july , but it है कभी-कभी nice in fall. china है chilly during september , and it है कभी-कभी dry in october. the lime है our least favorite fruit , but the orange है my least favorite. she likes limes and strawberries. paris है never freezing during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in april. the united states है never cold during march , and it है कभी-कभी mild in summer. the orange है his least favorite fruit , but the peach है our least favorite. the united states है never dry during march , and it है busy in june. नई जर्सी है never beautiful during february , but it है never nice in july. he saw that old yellow automobile. she might go to california next june. paris है never cold during summer , and it है rainy in september. france है कभी-कभी freezing during september , and it है busy in april. she likes that नई white automobile. china है never relaxing during august , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in september. the united states है never hot during may , and it है nice in march. the united states है usually snowy during winter , and it है usually chilly in march. france है usually busy during winter , and it है usually rainy in may. she dislikes strawberries , bananas , and oranges. he likes bananas , mangoes , and limes. paris है never dry during january , but it है never cold in april. she है driving that shiny red car. the pear है their most loved fruit , but the lime है her most loved. china है कभी-कभी warm during april , and it है usually rainy in spring. paris है never mild during june , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in winter. france है never dry during february , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in september. her least liked fruit है the lime , but their least liked है the strawberry. china है usually busy during march , and it है usually wonderful in november. china है never freezing during fall , but it है never snowy in february. the apple है our least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है his least favorite. the united states है never busy during summer , and it है कभी-कभी dry in december. your least liked fruit है the grape , but my least liked है the pear. this bird was her favorite animal. नई जर्सी है usually freezing during february , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in october. china है never nice during january , and it है usually dry in december. his most loved fruit है the strawberry , but our most loved है the apple. the united states है usually beautiful during september , and it है never busy in december. india है कभी-कभी snowy during autumn , but it है hot in august. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी rainy during winter , but it है कभी-कभी cold in summer. you like grapefruit , limes , and lemons. china है pleasant during august , but it है snowy in winter. paris है never warm during spring , and it है usually snowy in august. his favorite fruit है the peach , but their favorite है the apple. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी freezing during january , and it है never beautiful in fall. paris है कभी-कभी wonderful during summer , and it है busy in november. france है beautiful during february , and it है wonderful in april. you like limes , bananas , and apples. china है never snowy during december , and it है कभी-कभी hot in april. your least liked fruit है the banana , but her least liked है the orange. their least liked fruit है the orange , but his least liked है the grape. you like oranges , grapefruit , and peaches. california है usually freezing during july , and it है never rainy in november. france है कभी-कभी busy during december , but it है usually mild in january. she dislikes grapes , apples , and peaches. नई जर्सी है never snowy during august , but it है never शांत in summer. my most loved fruit है the peach , but her most loved है the grapefruit. नई जर्सी है usually snowy during december , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in winter. नई जर्सी है warm during january , but it है usually chilly in fall. he dislikes peaches , grapefruit , and grapes. she likes bananas , grapefruit , and peaches. india है never beautiful during november , but it है usually warm in autumn. california है कभी-कभी chilly during june , but it है rainy in december. the mango है our favorite fruit , but the pear है her favorite. their most loved fruit है the lemon , but our most loved है the grapefruit. india है never nice during january , and it है never mild in july. france है usually beautiful during november , and it है usually wet in spring. she dislikes strawberries , lemons , and grapefruit. he drove that old green truck. india है never wet during december , but it है never dry in february. her least favorite fruit है the mango , but their least favorite है the apple. paris है कभी-कभी hot during winter , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in autumn. the orange है their least favorite fruit , but the lemon है her least favorite. she likes grapefruit , grapes , and lemons. china है mild during july , but it है usually relaxing in september. france है usually mild during april , but it है usually relaxing in august. our favorite fruit है the grape , but her favorite है the pear. his most loved fruit है the pear , but your most loved है the apple. france है usually beautiful during july , and it है कभी-कभी wet in march. she है driving the little green automobile. india है never pleasant during november , and it है cold in january. china है never nice during february , but it है usually rainy in may. the lime है his least favorite fruit , but the grape है my least favorite. i dislike limes , lemons , and pears. her favorite fruit है the mango , but his favorite है the lime. limes are our most loved fruit. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wet during august , and it है शांत in spring. they dislike pears , apples , and bananas. he likes limes , pears , and oranges. california है कभी-कभी cold during january , but it है busy in july. california है beautiful during november , and it है busy in spring. india है wet during autumn , and it है never शांत in june. california है कभी-कभी mild during winter , and it है usually nice in december. china है warm during august , and it है usually chilly in february. their least liked fruit है the strawberry , but our least liked है the lime. california है never freezing during april , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in september. the united states है warm during may , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in summer. the strawberry है his least favorite fruit , but the peach है their least favorite. california है usually warm during winter , and it है never busy in september. california है कभी-कभी nice during july , and it है usually शांत in october. india है usually cold during summer , but it है usually nice in december. the mango है my least liked fruit , but the peach है your least liked. my most loved fruit है the banana , but her most loved है the mango. the united states है usually mild during june , and it है snowy in summer. china है usually pleasant during july , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in september. california है dry during summer , but it है कभी-कभी cold in april. his least favorite fruit है the mango , but our least favorite है the apple. नई जर्सी है never nice during june , but it है never rainy in summer. france है beautiful during september , but it है usually rainy in autumn. california है beautiful during april , but it है never snowy in spring. नई जर्सी है snowy during november , and it है never शांत in july. the united states है कभी-कभी mild during february , but it है cold in march. her least favorite fruit है the lemon , but my least favorite है the grape. france है wonderful during spring , and it है rainy in april. the united states है usually busy during june , and it है never शांत in winter. their least liked fruit है the orange , but your least liked है the grape. his most loved fruit है the pear , but our most loved है the orange. india है कभी-कभी शांत during january , but it है chilly in february. france है कभी-कभी freezing during may , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in october. california है कभी-कभी beautiful during autumn , and it है usually freezing in spring. the banana है your most loved fruit , but the mango है our most loved. they dislike lemons , oranges , and limes. india है never शांत during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी wet in october. china है कभी-कभी nice during june , but it है usually warm in fall. the banana है his favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है your favorite. france है nice during august , but it है never hot in september. india है never freezing during july , but it है usually snowy in november. he was driving the shiny black car. france है usually mild during fall , and it है usually rainy in june. california है never hot during october , and it है usually nice in fall. france है wet during march , and it है never chilly in june. china है mild during winter , but it है hot in january. france है usually freezing during january , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in march. the banana है his least liked fruit , but the lime है her least liked. india है usually dry during march , and it है never freezing in april. our favorite fruit है the strawberry , but his favorite है the orange. our least liked fruit है the mango , but his least liked है the lemon. china है कभी-कभी mild during fall , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in june. india है कभी-कभी mild during may , and it है never pleasant in january. we like grapes , strawberries , and peaches. the peach है your least liked fruit , but the strawberry है his least liked. she likes peaches , apples , and oranges. her favorite fruit है the strawberry , but my favorite है the mango. our most loved fruit है the banana , but her most loved है the grapefruit. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी cold during january , but it है कभी-कभी busy in october. her favorite fruit है the apple , but their favorite है the grape. the apple है his most loved fruit , but the mango है my most loved. china है never chilly during april , and it है hot in may. why didn't he go to the united states ? that bird was my most loved animal. our most loved fruit है the peach , but your most loved है the grapefruit. france है never beautiful during february , but it है कभी-कभी busy in october. नई जर्सी है usually snowy during january , but it है never relaxing in july. they dislike lemons , limes , and pears. the lime है your least liked fruit , but the strawberry है her least liked. france है कभी-कभी warm during february , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in fall. china है wonderful during march , and it है usually freezing in february. china है शांत during january , and it है never dry in march. नई जर्सी है never chilly during fall , and it है never cold in july. नई जर्सी है usually dry during spring , but it है usually pleasant in summer. the peach है my least liked fruit , but the banana है her least liked. paris है usually relaxing during march , and it है never snowy in december. the united states है usually rainy during april , and it है usually nice in july. china है never warm during march , but it है relaxing in august. she disliked that rusty white automobile. he likes peaches , strawberries , and pears. he dislikes pears , apples , and bananas. paris है usually wonderful during winter , but it है never beautiful in september. france है कभी-कभी rainy during september , but it है never snowy in november. we dislike pears , limes , and strawberries. paris है कभी-कभी warm during may , and it है कभी-कभी nice in spring. the united states है कभी-कभी mild during fall , and it है wonderful in winter. my most loved animal was the elephant. india है usually nice during november , but it है usually busy in summer. do you think translating between english and spanish है easy ? she है driving the shiny yellow truck. i dislike grapefruit , bananas , and strawberries. china है never mild during spring , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in february. india है usually rainy during may , but it है never nice in september. paris है usually relaxing during october , and it है कभी-कभी wet in september. our most loved fruit है the pear , but your most loved है the lime. india है usually शांत during december , but it है never mild in august. paris है usually wonderful during may , but it है never relaxing in january. california है कभी-कभी busy during march , but it है dry in april. china है कभी-कभी nice during december , and it है never chilly in february. he likes grapes , lemons , and grapefruit. the united states है usually pleasant during august , and it है never cold in may. china है usually rainy during february , and it है mild in winter. नई जर्सी है usually mild during summer , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in january. he was driving a little yellow truck. she dislikes strawberries , mangoes , and grapes. paris है कभी-कभी rainy during november , and it है relaxing in december. france है usually rainy during september , and it है never beautiful in november. they want to go to india next june. china है never busy during summer , but it है never hot in april. the united states है never शांत during november , and it है never hot in september. california है wet during march , but it है never wonderful in february. france है कभी-कभी nice during autumn , and it है pleasant in december. france है usually relaxing during july , and it है never hot in autumn. paris है कभी-कभी cold during august , but it है usually snowy in january. france है never mild during june , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in march. paris है usually busy during october , but it है never warm in spring. india है कभी-कभी mild during january , and it है pleasant in october. china है never beautiful during september , but it है usually busy in summer. she likes bananas , strawberries , and oranges. france है never warm during january , but it है relaxing in september. china है usually शांत during june , but it है relaxing in september. the peach है their least liked fruit , but the mango है my least liked. france है usually busy during may , but it है usually nice in february. i like peaches , limes , and bananas. he drives the old white car. california है never nice during summer , but it है never beautiful in april. did he like france ? france है usually snowy during april , but it है usually mild in autumn. he drives that नई green car. france है mild during fall , and it है never nice in december. my least favorite fruit है the lemon , but your least favorite है the apple. the united states है कभी-कभी freezing during december , and it है mild in february. china है कभी-कभी chilly during march , and it है usually pleasant in may. india है usually freezing during march , and it है hot in fall. the united states है कभी-कभी hot during spring , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in december. she likes oranges , apples , and peaches. france है never wet during winter , but it है never mild in january. he likes bananas , lemons , and pears. india है कभी-कभी pleasant during june , but it है never mild in february. नई जर्सी है usually rainy during september , but it है कभी-कभी wet in winter. we dislike mangoes , oranges , and limes. california है कभी-कभी nice during august , but it है beautiful in spring. india है freezing during april , but it है usually beautiful in october. california है usually rainy during june , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in fall. france है wonderful during autumn , but it है never freezing in august. i dislike bananas , lemons , and pears. she likes peaches , lemons , and oranges. paris है कभी-कभी chilly during march , but it है relaxing in september. he likes pears , grapes , and grapefruit. france है dry during august , and it है usually wet in october. france है कभी-कभी wonderful during may , but it है usually wet in february. paris है mild during september , but it है busy in july. france है pleasant during june , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in july. china है beautiful during august , but it है usually cold in december. she dislikes that rusty yellow automobile. the united states है usually freezing during may , but it है never nice in november. he likes a big blue truck. the united states है कभी-कभी freezing during august , and it है usually hot in summer. paris है कभी-कभी wet during december , but it है hot in spring. paris है never relaxing during spring , but it है busy in summer. the united states है freezing during june , and it है never warm in autumn. california है never freezing during april , and it है usually dry in fall. france है never mild during spring , and it है usually hot in november. paris है usually beautiful during summer , and it है pleasant in winter. she likes strawberries , oranges , and limes. that elephant was my most feared animal. california है usually mild during january , and it है कभी-कभी dry in may. the grape है his least favorite fruit , but the mango है their least favorite. नई जर्सी है cold during june , but it है usually snowy in april. paris है wet during may , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in july. he dislikes mangoes , bananas , and peaches. the united states है usually wet during february , but it है never hot in march. his most loved fruit है the orange , but her most loved है the peach. he dislikes strawberries , oranges , and limes. china है कभी-कभी freezing during fall , but it है कभी-कभी dry in spring. he dislikes lemons , peaches , and limes. she dislikes strawberries , pears , and peaches. he dislikes that नई white automobile. they went to california last autumn. नई जर्सी है शांत during july , but it है कभी-कभी mild in summer. नई जर्सी है cold during april , and it है never pleasant in june. france है rainy during july , and it है शांत in april. paris है usually wet during december , but it है nice in august. the peach है her least liked fruit , but the mango है their least liked. the united states है usually शांत during december , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in november. नई जर्सी है never wet during october , but it है usually warm in april. you like pears , peaches , and grapefruit. the apple है his least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है your least favorite. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during spring , but it है कभी-कभी cold in october. my least favorite animal है that rabbit. california है usually relaxing during january , and it है never शांत in february. we dislike pears , lemons , and peaches. france है never nice during september , and it है snowy in spring. the united states है usually wet during june , and it है cold in october. china है never nice during may , but it है never rainy in february. india है warm during january , but it है usually nice in june. he likes the old yellow automobile. the orange है their least liked fruit , but the apple है her least liked. the lime है her favorite fruit , but the peach है his favorite. the orange है his least favorite fruit , but the apple है your least favorite. france है usually wonderful during october , and it है usually शांत in autumn. paris है कभी-कभी relaxing during august , but it है कभी-कभी wet in november. the pear है your least liked fruit , but the peach है his least liked. the strawberry है your most loved fruit , but the mango है her most loved. her favorite fruit है the strawberry , but their favorite है the peach. i dislike bananas , oranges , and apples. they like limes , apples , and grapefruit. the united states है never relaxing during july , but it है कभी-कभी nice in april. my favorite fruit है the peach , but their favorite है the apple. the pear है our most loved fruit , but the banana है my most loved. my least favorite fruit है the peach , but her least favorite है the pear. the united states है never शांत during november , but it है chilly in summer. the banana है their favorite fruit , but the pear है her favorite. paris है कभी-कभी rainy during fall , but it है usually nice in spring. california है usually relaxing during february , and it है usually wonderful in winter. we dislike bananas and limes. paris है dry during spring , and it है usually busy in summer. my least favorite fruit है the lime , but their least favorite है the mango. the united states है relaxing during may , and it है wonderful in june. they like strawberries , oranges , and grapefruit. i like grapefruit , peaches , and lemons. they dislike mangoes. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी mild during winter , but it है usually warm in autumn. paris है never mild during december , and it है never dry in summer. china है usually शांत during winter , but it है कभी-कभी busy in summer. the united states है never wonderful during summer , but it है कभी-कभी busy in august. she likes grapefruit , peaches , and bananas. paris है कभी-कभी warm during december , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in september. california है rainy during march , but it है कभी-कभी warm in winter. the united states है warm during february , but it है cold in winter. she likes apples , mangoes , and lemons. india है warm during march , but it है never beautiful in fall. my most loved fruit है the peach , but your most loved है the pear. our most loved fruit है the lime , but their most loved है the pear. the orange है her favorite fruit , but the mango है our favorite. india है usually dry during april , but it है कभी-कभी mild in fall. china है कभी-कभी busy during june , and it है never rainy in february. my most loved animal was the lion. india है rainy during december , and it है never cold in summer. the orange है his favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है my favorite. they like oranges , limes , and mangoes. नई जर्सी है शांत during february , but it है rainy in august. he saw the old yellow car. india है nice during summer , and it है busy in january. my least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but her least liked है the peach. california है कभी-कभी cold during winter , and it है never snowy in march. i dislike grapefruit , bananas , and oranges. paris है कभी-कभी wet during january , and it है never mild in july. france है कभी-कभी mild during autumn , and it है relaxing in fall. his least liked fruit है the strawberry , but their least liked है the grapefruit. paris है usually शांत during may , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in july. the united states है usually hot during autumn , but it है never nice in january. china है usually wonderful during april , but it है usually warm in june. she dislikes grapefruit , pears , and oranges. the united states है कभी-कभी warm during august , but it है dry in march. china है usually freezing during january , and it है snowy in february. i dislike apples , mangoes , and strawberries. paris है warm during july , and it है pleasant in fall. your least favorite fruit है the banana , but his least favorite है the mango. her favorite fruit है the peach , but their favorite है the lime. the orange है our most loved fruit , but the peach है her most loved. the pear है their most loved fruit , but the lime है his most loved. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during june , but it है snowy in january. california है never beautiful during october , but it है wet in june. she likes strawberries , mangoes , and lemons. she dislikes lemons , pears , and oranges. नई जर्सी है usually wet during march , and it है warm in october. france है कभी-कभी nice during summer , but it है rainy in january. he likes oranges , limes , and grapefruit. china है कभी-कभी chilly during december , but it है usually busy in june. my least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but her least liked है the strawberry. california है कभी-कभी शांत during december , and it है कभी-कभी mild in april. california है never rainy during march , but it है usually wet in may. our favorite fruit है the banana , but my favorite है the mango. california है beautiful during may , and it है wonderful in september. the united states है usually beautiful during may , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in autumn. i like apples , grapes , and grapefruit. china है never nice during october , but it है never शांत in january. नई जर्सी है usually busy during autumn , and it है never freezing in june. he likes oranges , apples , and strawberries. the united states है usually snowy during march , and it है never chilly in january. she dislikes lemons , peaches , and limes. france है कभी-कभी hot during spring , but it है usually nice in may. the united states है usually relaxing during winter , and it है hot in january. california है dry during march , and it है usually busy in spring. china है never hot during january , and it है warm in april. the peach है our least favorite fruit , but the pear है her least favorite. the united states है usually rainy during may , but it है कभी-कभी nice in march. the united states है never wet during june , and it है usually freezing in summer. paris है relaxing during december , but it है nice in january. china है never mild during january , but it है cold in winter. we plan to visit the united states next winter. नई जर्सी है usually wonderful during october , but it है usually dry in july. china है relaxing during june , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in november. france है कभी-कभी busy during february , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in autumn. china है usually mild during summer , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in winter. the united states है usually snowy during june , but it है warm in may. the peach है their favorite fruit , but the mango है her favorite. you like lemons , grapefruit , and peaches. the united states है कभी-कभी pleasant during winter , and it है busy in october. she dislikes oranges , grapefruit , and limes. we like pears , grapefruit , and strawberries. the apple है our least favorite fruit , but the pear है their least favorite. the united states है beautiful during december , and it है usually warm in autumn. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during summer , and it है शांत in march. china है कभी-कभी chilly during autumn , but it है snowy in spring. the united states है cold during autumn , but it है never rainy in may. china है कभी-कभी wet during april , but it है usually beautiful in june. the lime है our favorite fruit , but the strawberry है my favorite. india है कभी-कभी wonderful during june , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in winter. france है never rainy during march , and it है usually cold in summer. the united states है wet during october , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in fall. california है usually chilly during spring , but it है nice in autumn. she dislikes oranges , peaches , and lemons. he likes that rusty red car. california है कभी-कभी freezing during june , and it है beautiful in november. france है beautiful during summer , and it है never freezing in april. their most loved fruit है the orange , but my most loved है the grape. you like limes , oranges , and mangoes. china है कभी-कभी dry during june , but it है never शांत in autumn. france है कभी-कभी wet during march , but it है usually chilly in april. china है never pleasant during autumn , but it है freezing in december. china है busy during november , but it है wonderful in june. her favorite fruit है the strawberry , but his favorite है the pear. china है usually nice during april , but it है usually cold in june. china है warm during july , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in january. the united states है कभी-कभी mild during summer , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in october. the grape है my least favorite fruit , but the lime है our least favorite. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी relaxing during april , and it है usually rainy in july. she dislikes mangoes , oranges , and grapefruit. california है कभी-कभी freezing during december , but it है nice in june. the united states है freezing during july , and it है usually mild in april. france है कभी-कभी cold during fall , but it है never hot in summer. नई जर्सी है usually mild during autumn , but it है usually snowy in march. france है pleasant during february , but it है beautiful in september. the peach है our favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है your favorite. the united states है कभी-कभी wonderful during winter , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in february. california है pleasant during february , but it है warm in august. she liked a little green truck. we like oranges , strawberries , and apples. france है usually chilly during february , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in april. नई जर्सी है hot during november , but it है never pleasant in winter. california है कभी-कभी शांत during july , and it है never rainy in april. paris है कभी-कभी शांत during april , and it है snowy in summer. the united states है warm during april , and it है कभी-कभी mild in september. the grapefruit है her favorite fruit , but the apple है your favorite. he dislikes lemons and apples. california है mild during autumn , and it है usually beautiful in april. she dislikes oranges , limes , and pears. they like peaches , mangoes , and grapefruit. she dislikes bananas , strawberries , and peaches. france है usually pleasant during august , but it है wonderful in june. china है usually शांत during june , and it है never beautiful in october. the united states है कभी-कभी beautiful during june , and it है never nice in august. china है usually rainy during december , and it है beautiful in summer. china है usually nice during september , but it है freezing in july. france है never warm during summer , but it है never rainy in august. he disliked that old black automobile. france है dry during april , but it है usually warm in fall. the united states है usually dry during august , and it है कभी-कभी wet in november. india है usually beautiful during july , and it है usually dry in april. paris है freezing during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी mild in may. paris है usually beautiful during june , and it है usually wonderful in august. paris है never wet during september , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in june. california है nice during august , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in september. she likes peaches , mangoes , and grapefruit. france है usually dry during may , and it है wet in august. paris है usually beautiful during spring , and it है never शांत in july. their least liked fruit है the pear , but our least liked है the lime. china है never wet during july , and it है कभी-कभी nice in spring. california है never beautiful during june , and it है hot in october. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी rainy during december , and it है never pleasant in april. india है usually wonderful during october , and it है usually busy in fall. france है कभी-कभी nice during spring , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in june. paris है कभी-कभी wonderful during winter , and it है usually beautiful in october. their most loved fruit है the peach , but our most loved है the lemon. paris है cold during january , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in summer. india है never busy during may , and it है snowy in july. the orange है your least liked fruit , but the strawberry है our least liked. india है कभी-कभी शांत during july , but it है never nice in spring. your favorite fruit है the orange , but my favorite है the strawberry. california है usually hot during february , and it है शांत in august. he likes strawberries , pears , and peaches. france है usually rainy during february , but it है usually beautiful in july. france है कभी-कभी hot during may , and it है never nice in february. paris है beautiful during summer , and it है hot in may. paris है कभी-कभी relaxing during may , and it है usually warm in april. paris है warm during autumn , and it है usually pleasant in winter. the united states है usually wonderful during spring , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in november. india है never freezing during september , but it है never pleasant in october. the mango है his least favorite fruit , but the lime है my least favorite. our least favorite fruit है the banana , but her least favorite है the grapefruit. the united states है usually hot during january , but it है never busy in september. नई जर्सी है usually relaxing during august , but it है usually cold in march. i dislike limes and peaches. i like oranges , apples , and grapes. france है never chilly during winter , but it है nice in january. नई जर्सी है usually busy during fall , but it है nice in june. china है कभी-कभी rainy during october , but it है usually nice in july. china है usually cold during winter , but it है usually snowy in december. france है never wet during november , and it है never wonderful in winter. the united states है usually busy during august , and it है never warm in may. he है driving a नई black car. the lime है their least favorite fruit , but the lemon है our least favorite. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during february , but it है usually pleasant in august. their most loved fruit है the lemon , but my most loved है the orange. नई जर्सी है wonderful during october , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in january. india है wonderful during may , but it है never freezing in april. the lime है my least liked fruit , but the lemon है his least liked. the grape है their least liked fruit , but the lemon है his least liked. she likes oranges , peaches , and bananas. india है कभी-कभी freezing during june , and it है never warm in april. he dislikes limes and grapes. the grapefruit है my favorite fruit , but the mango है our favorite. paris है warm during april , and it है usually dry in march. paris है usually nice during february , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in spring. she likes oranges , apples , and grapefruit. they dislike grapefruit , peaches , and oranges. they plan to visit china next february. the united states है relaxing during spring , and it है usually शांत in december. paris है usually wet during winter , but it है dry in october. china है never nice during november , and it है usually busy in january. this bear है his least favorite animal. paris है कभी-कभी nice during november , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in february. she likes strawberries , peaches , and grapes. she might go to नई जर्सी next march. california है कभी-कभी warm during november , but it है never chilly in december. my most loved fruit है the grape , but their most loved है the strawberry. france है never warm during december , and it है nice in fall. california है usually wet during october , but it है कभी-कभी dry in november. the apple है your least liked fruit , but the pear है his least liked. she likes lemons , oranges , and bananas. he disliked a shiny red automobile. the united states है कभी-कभी wet during summer , and it है usually dry in february. नई जर्सी है wet during may , but it है cold in december. california है usually chilly during june , and it है snowy in autumn. the orange है her least liked fruit , but the banana है his least liked. her most loved fruit है the strawberry , but your most loved है the grape. california है busy during june , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in autumn. paris है कभी-कभी freezing during september , and it है never wet in june. paris है wet during summer , and it है कभी-कभी hot in december. नई जर्सी है usually cold during november , and it है never relaxing in may. नई जर्सी है usually freezing during september , but it है usually warm in july. your most loved fruit है the orange , but their most loved है the apple. नई जर्सी है mild during september , and it है कभी-कभी nice in summer. the peach है our least favorite fruit , but the apple है your least favorite. the peach है your most loved fruit , but the lime है my most loved. the strawberry है our most loved fruit , but the orange है her most loved. they dislike pears , oranges , and lemons. she है going to california next february. he wanted to go to india last april. france है कभी-कभी warm during march , and it है usually pleasant in winter. they dislike lemons , grapes , and strawberries. paris है never warm during spring , but it है usually snowy in september. the banana है their most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है her most loved. the united states है कभी-कभी chilly during july , and it है कभी-कभी mild in fall. china है usually busy during spring , and it है never pleasant in april. china है usually rainy during spring , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in june. the united states है never busy during february , and it है wonderful in august. our least liked fruit है the pear , but my least liked है the apple. china है कभी-कभी mild during summer , and it है never busy in january. france है never wonderful during june , and it है कभी-कभी mild in november. she disliked a rusty blue car. he plans to visit france in spring. the united states है शांत during november , but it है usually relaxing in winter. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during summer , and it है never freezing in july. california है कभी-कभी chilly during june , and it है snowy in summer. china है never शांत during november , but it है never cold in february. california है कभी-कभी busy during may , and it है कभी-कभी dry in autumn. france है usually beautiful during april , and it है never freezing in august. their least favorite fruit है the grape , but our least favorite है the pear. france है usually busy during october , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in autumn. she saw the rusty red automobile. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी dry during may , but it है usually rainy in autumn. i dislike pears , mangoes , and lemons. china है usually wet during fall , but it है usually chilly in spring. china है never pleasant during january , but it है never beautiful in summer. france है usually wet during january , and it है snowy in june. paris है कभी-कभी snowy during october , but it है usually शांत in august. france है कभी-कभी beautiful during may , but it है never busy in february. नई जर्सी है usually hot during february , but it है busy in june. i dislike oranges , grapefruit , and grapes. paris है dry during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी cold in spring. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी nice during june , but it है never relaxing in september. paris है mild during january , and it है usually relaxing in february. their least favorite fruit है the banana , but his least favorite है the orange. the united states है usually chilly during february , but it है कभी-कभी nice in summer. he dislikes grapes , mangoes , and pears. the mango है her most loved fruit , but the lime है your most loved. she likes grapes , peaches , and strawberries. california है कभी-कभी pleasant during winter , but it है never शांत in november. her most loved fruit है the apple , but his most loved है the mango. he was driving a rusty green car. his most loved fruit है the peach , but my most loved है the strawberry. the united states है hot during june , but it है usually pleasant in march. the united states है कभी-कभी snowy during november , and it है cold in august. you like limes , lemons , and oranges. france है usually mild during summer , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in july. france है never relaxing during spring , but it है शांत in february. china है usually rainy during september , and it है usually wet in june. california है कभी-कभी hot during autumn , and it है never mild in july. she dislikes grapefruit , lemons , and bananas. the united states है chilly during fall , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in december. he dislikes peaches , limes , and grapefruit. their most loved fruit है the strawberry , but his most loved है the lemon. the banana है their least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है my least liked. नई जर्सी है usually cold during november , but it है rainy in winter. india है usually relaxing during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी wet in april. my most feared animals are cats. she likes strawberries , grapes , and peaches. the grape है your least favorite fruit , but the pear है his least favorite. china है chilly during june , but it है usually busy in august. india है usually warm during july , but it है usually mild in february. california है usually busy during june , but it है never mild in january. paris है never snowy during july , but it है wet in june. नई जर्सी है never rainy during fall , and it है wonderful in april. they dislike mangoes and bananas. india है freezing during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in fall. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during fall , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in may. france है usually beautiful during summer , and it है wonderful in fall. china है never chilly during december , and it है usually warm in october. the orange है his most loved fruit , but the grape है their most loved. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during fall , but it है कभी-कभी dry in april. china है never शांत during july , and it है beautiful in fall. paris है कभी-कभी cold during september , but it है busy in march. her most loved fruit है the pear , but our most loved है the mango. she likes bananas , apples , and limes. china है कभी-कभी शांत during winter , and it है nice in december. france है कभी-कभी nice during november , and it है usually busy in spring. he likes grapes , peaches , and mangoes. he dislikes limes , grapefruit , and strawberries. you dislike peaches , lemons , and pears. his favorite fruit है the apple , but their favorite है the grapefruit. his most loved fruit है the apple. france है कभी-कभी freezing during summer , but it है usually hot in autumn. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी busy during october , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in july. she likes apples , pears , and grapes. the united states है usually nice during december , and it है कभी-कभी mild in autumn. california है कभी-कभी hot during april , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in november. their most loved fruit है the peach , but my most loved है the lemon. your least favorite animal है that rabbit. the united states है mild during february , but it है hot in july. my least favorite fruit है the pear , but their least favorite है the mango. china है never शांत during december , and it है mild in june. why are we going to california ? california है usually hot during december , and it है never dry in autumn. the banana है your least liked fruit , but the grape है our least liked. france है mild during january , but it है never pleasant in may. she dislikes mangoes , bananas , and limes. california है dry during december , and it है never warm in spring. california है usually wet during february , but it है usually freezing in september. india है dry during spring , and it है never freezing in december. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी dry during november , and it है usually busy in march. our least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but your least favorite है the peach. my most loved fruit है the orange , but your most loved है the grape. i dislike limes , apples , and grapefruit. china है usually chilly during september , but it है never wet in november. the lemon है her most loved fruit , but the mango है your most loved. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wonderful during january , but it है शांत in april. india है usually snowy during april , but it है pleasant in august. california है relaxing during summer , but it है snowy in fall. china है usually nice during december , but it है usually hot in october. the united states है nice during september , and it है कभी-कभी mild in november. they like mangoes , grapes , and lemons. i dislike pears , bananas , and limes. paris है कभी-कभी nice during summer , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in november. the united states है कभी-कभी warm during august , and it है कभी-कभी wet in december. india है कभी-कभी nice during january , but it है mild in april. he plans to visit नई जर्सी in july. नई जर्सी है usually wonderful during winter , but it है cold in may. france है usually snowy during november , but it है कभी-कभी hot in august. their most loved fruit है the pear , but his most loved है the peach. the dog was your most loved animal. france है कभी-कभी snowy during winter , and it है never rainy in november. नई जर्सी है usually beautiful during august , and it है कभी-कभी busy in november. france है कभी-कभी wonderful during fall , and it है rainy in december. france है कभी-कभी dry during autumn , but it है usually nice in november. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी snowy during july , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in may. she dislikes that old black car. france है never nice during fall , and it है wonderful in april. france है wonderful during autumn , but it है never rainy in november. france है never beautiful during september , and it है relaxing in august. india है usually hot during october , but it है relaxing in spring. she dislikes apples , oranges , and pears. his favorite animal है that snake. she wants to go to paris next fall. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी beautiful during march , and it है chilly in summer. california है nice during september , but it है rainy in spring. the strawberry है our most loved fruit , but the orange है their most loved. the united states है rainy during october , but it है never mild in march. india है कभी-कभी dry during july , but it है never warm in may. france है never wonderful during august , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in september. california है warm during march , and it है शांत in october. california है never freezing during september , but it है शांत in april. she dislikes peaches , grapefruit , and pears. paris है usually शांत during december , and it है कभी-कभी warm in fall. california है usually dry during april , and it है शांत in september. china है never warm during summer , but it है never dry in january. india है relaxing during spring , but it है never cold in june. the united states है usually busy during august , but it है never wonderful in fall. you like grapes , lemons , and oranges. the mango है his most loved fruit , but the peach है your most loved. china है busy during july , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in april. india है कभी-कभी dry during february , but it है never freezing in winter. the united states है कभी-कभी wonderful during autumn , and it है usually beautiful in december. her most loved fruit है the grape , but my most loved है the lime. we like oranges , lemons , and peaches. their most loved fruit है the strawberry , but his most loved है the peach. india है never freezing during summer , and it है rainy in april. he was driving the big black car. the orange है our least liked fruit , but the strawberry है their least liked. my most loved fruit है the lime , but your most loved है the mango. they like mangoes , strawberries , and apples. the united states है cold during july , and it है usually शांत in january. she dislikes grapefruit , mangoes , and limes. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during april , but it है never rainy in february. he likes grapes , bananas , and apples. china है usually rainy during january , but it है never शांत in winter. he dislikes bananas , oranges , and grapefruit. paris है never beautiful during may , but it है mild in june. the orange है my most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है your most loved. he dislikes a rusty black automobile. california है snowy during september , but it है busy in may. california है cold during september , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in may. his least liked fruit है the banana , but their least liked है the apple. paris है never dry during spring , and it है beautiful in november. my least favorite fruit है the orange , but your least favorite है the banana. california है usually freezing during october , but it है कभी-कभी dry in may. india है usually beautiful during november , and it है never busy in september. he dislikes apples , grapefruit , and lemons. she likes peaches , grapes , and grapefruit. california है usually शांत during august , and it है hot in january. california है never wet during spring , and it है never chilly in june. the united states है mild during november , and it है never chilly in september. the lime है their favorite fruit , but the peach है his favorite. the bird है his most feared animal. the united states है कभी-कभी शांत during october , but it है usually cold in february. her most loved fruit है the pear , but their most loved है the orange. he likes strawberries , mangoes , and bananas. india है never dry during february , but it है mild in fall. the peach है their most loved fruit , but the grape है your most loved. paris है never busy during winter , and it है never wonderful in march. india है mild during autumn , and it है never dry in summer. france है never nice during january , and it है pleasant in autumn. china है usually snowy during may , and it है wonderful in february. your least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but my least favorite है the banana. his favorite fruit है the grape , but your favorite है the peach. your most feared animals were elephants. she dislikes grapes , apples , and mangoes. he disliked that big green car. france है usually freezing during february , and it है never cold in june. i dislike pears , grapes , and oranges. china है pleasant during february , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in november. our least favorite fruit है the pear , but their least favorite है the lime. i dislike bananas , mangoes , and strawberries. नई जर्सी है cold during february , but it है never freezing in spring. we like apples , grapefruit , and strawberries. नई जर्सी है never pleasant during fall , but it है कभी-कभी dry in august. he likes peaches , pears , and mangoes. the united states है dry during summer , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in march. france है never wet during summer , but it है never rainy in february. she likes apples , pears , and peaches. they went to india last october. the banana है your most loved fruit , but the orange है his most loved. she dislikes strawberries , pears , and limes. she dislikes bananas , strawberries , and grapes. she likes limes , grapes , and strawberries. china है never hot during summer , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in may. paris है nice during may , but it है wonderful in july. china है never freezing during april , and it है कभी-कभी wet in may. the united states है usually wet during spring , and it है usually freezing in september. california है कभी-कभी rainy during october , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in june. your least liked fruit है the grape , but his least liked है the grapefruit. they like lemons , strawberries , and grapefruit. france है warm during july , but it है never dry in december. my most loved fruit है the banana , but our most loved है the strawberry. the strawberry है your least favorite fruit , but the mango है my least favorite. china है wet during may , and it है कभी-कभी warm in april. france है usually snowy during march , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in august. paris है never hot during october , and it है शांत in september. he likes limes , bananas , and strawberries. i dislike bananas and lemons. california है never chilly during april , and it है कभी-कभी busy in summer. my favorite animal है the elephant. the peach है your favorite fruit , but the grape है her favorite. india है usually dry during december , but it है never beautiful in february. the lemon है their least liked fruit , but the strawberry है your least liked. paris है relaxing during february , and it है busy in april. the peach है their least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है his least liked. she likes the big green automobile. नई जर्सी है relaxing during june , and it है snowy in autumn. california है wonderful during june , but it है never freezing in march. china है कभी-कभी wonderful during april , but it है never snowy in winter. she likes grapefruit , mangoes , and strawberries. she है driving a big black car. she dislikes strawberries , pears , and grapefruit. are you going to india ? china है beautiful during summer , but it है कभी-कभी cold in december. the united states है कभी-कभी pleasant during summer , but it है शांत in september. he likes limes , peaches , and bananas. france है mild during fall , and it है usually beautiful in september. his least favorite fruit है the pear , but our least favorite है the peach. she plans to visit नई जर्सी next october. china है कभी-कभी snowy during february , and it है usually beautiful in winter. the united states है usually cold during february , but it है never chilly in winter. he likes peaches and mangoes. he likes strawberries , bananas , and peaches. california है busy during winter , and it है never cold in fall. he plans to visit paris next february. the united states है कभी-कभी wonderful during january , and it है wet in july. she disliked the big green automobile. you like lemons , peaches , and apples. france है never cold during october , and it है dry in june. paris है rainy during autumn , but it है usually chilly in fall. china है कभी-कभी relaxing during june , but it है mild in january. the united states है never pleasant during fall , and it है never chilly in june. the united states है wonderful during may , but it है never cold in january. paris है beautiful during summer , but it है कभी-कभी hot in june. france है warm during september , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in november. they want to go to the united states next summer. the united states है कभी-कभी hot during february , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in march. paris है never cold during april , and it है busy in winter. china है never snowy during june , but it है wonderful in october. the united states है कभी-कभी warm during may , but it है cold in summer. their least favorite fruit है the apple , but our least favorite है the lemon. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी शांत during autumn , but it है usually pleasant in june. india है hot during january , and it है never warm in february. paris है mild during summer , and it है never wet in november. he dislikes pears , grapes , and limes. the united states है rainy during july , and it है wet in winter. the united states है usually wet during february , but it है कभी-कभी busy in march. he likes strawberries and bananas. his favorite fruit है the lemon , but my favorite है the strawberry. our least liked fruit है the strawberry , but your least liked है the lime. france है never wet during autumn , but it है usually शांत in november. नई जर्सी है hot during summer , and it है never dry in august. the apple है my most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है their most loved. the united states है never mild during february , but it है busy in spring. she went to france last november. they like apples , bananas , and pears. france है never wet during fall , and it है usually relaxing in november. india है कभी-कभी relaxing during february , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in fall. paris है कभी-कभी cold during september , but it है wonderful in december. her favorite fruit है the strawberry , but his favorite है the orange. you dislike apples , grapes , and pears. california है usually cold during november , and it है usually nice in summer. china है कभी-कभी nice during november , but it है cold in autumn. her least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but his least favorite है the lemon. paris है usually chilly during february , and it है कभी-कभी hot in april. you like grapes , peaches , and pears. india है never wet during march , but it है never mild in july. california है कभी-कभी busy during summer , and it है usually mild in october. china है कभी-कभी freezing during june , but it है usually chilly in february. the strawberry है his least favorite fruit , but the orange है our least favorite. she dislikes mangoes , limes , and grapefruit. france है never freezing during march , and it है usually wet in summer. she likes peaches , lemons , and mangoes. china है usually chilly during june , but it है कभी-कभी busy in february. she liked that shiny blue car. they dislike peaches , pears , and apples. नई जर्सी है never शांत during may , and it है usually wet in june. the lime है my favorite fruit , but the strawberry है their favorite. california है कभी-कभी rainy during spring , and it है hot in december. we like limes , bananas , and oranges. नई जर्सी है wonderful during fall , and it है कभी-कभी wet in december. he likes apples , bananas , and grapefruit. california है chilly during fall , and it है cold in may. his least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but my least favorite है the strawberry. नई जर्सी है शांत during december , but it है usually pleasant in autumn. california है usually mild during april , but it है never chilly in winter. the orange है his most loved fruit , but the pear है your most loved. france है कभी-कभी शांत during november , but it है never wonderful in october. your least favorite animal was the cat. we dislike limes , mangoes , and pears. the banana है our least liked fruit , but the lemon है his least liked. paris है warm during december , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in november. the united states है usually wonderful during winter , but it है never snowy in spring. she likes strawberries , grapefruit , and mangoes. california है pleasant during april , but it है usually cold in october. do you think translating between french and english है fun ? their least favorite fruit है the peach , but his least favorite है the orange. i like bananas , grapes , and strawberries. the united states है never mild during january , but it है कभी-कभी nice in september. paris है never hot during october , and it है कभी-कभी wet in march. paris है busy during july , and it है hot in october. the orange है our least liked fruit , but the pear है my least liked. her most loved fruit है the pear , but my most loved है the strawberry. she है driving the little red truck. she dislikes oranges , limes , and mangoes. india है कभी-कभी nice during august , but it है pleasant in january. नई जर्सी है never hot during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in june. i like apples , pears , and grapes. california है कभी-कभी beautiful during august , but it है usually chilly in september. india है never शांत during march , but it है wonderful in october. they like mangoes , oranges , and grapes. china है never mild during autumn , but it है शांत in spring. india है never hot during autumn , and it है usually busy in summer. france है never relaxing during october , but it है usually dry in may. california है usually शांत during july , but it है usually beautiful in june. paris है relaxing during may , and it है never warm in october. china है usually cold during july , and it है never chilly in february. the united states है usually beautiful during august , but it है usually hot in autumn. india है beautiful during autumn , but it है usually pleasant in november. नई जर्सी है never busy during autumn , and it है wet in october. you dislike pears , grapefruit , and mangoes. the united states है कभी-कभी rainy during may , and it है usually cold in august. he likes mangoes , grapefruit , and bananas. india है beautiful during may , and it है कभी-कभी hot in july. california है usually wet during spring , and it है never rainy in february. he dislikes strawberries , peaches , and apples. he likes mangoes , limes , and oranges. they went to the united states last january. paris है शांत during november , and it है dry in august. california है कभी-कभी cold during winter , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in february. paris है never beautiful during fall , but it है chilly in september. china है never wet during winter , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in october. paris है usually warm during november , and it है कभी-कभी wet in may. नई जर्सी है usually warm during september , and it है usually chilly in april. the united states है usually nice during november , and it है never mild in may. india है कभी-कभी warm during march , and it है never wonderful in april. their favorite fruit है the lime , but my favorite है the pear. india है nice during february , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in july. china है usually relaxing during april , and it है snowy in february. his most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but our most loved है the orange. india है usually snowy during autumn , and it है usually hot in september. paris है usually warm during march , and it है कभी-कभी busy in december. the pear है their favorite fruit , but the mango है his favorite. the banana है her least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है my least favorite. how was your visit to नई जर्सी last march ? he dislikes grapefruit , lemons , and mangoes. i like grapes , apples , and lemons. you like strawberries , bananas , and limes. he likes limes , bananas , and oranges. नई जर्सी है usually dry during november , but it है never beautiful in march. china है कभी-कभी pleasant during spring , but it है never hot in summer. i dislike grapes , peaches , and strawberries. her least favorite fruit है the peach , but their least favorite है the grapefruit. china है कभी-कभी cold during june , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in may. california है never dry during may , but it है usually nice in october. the apple है your least favorite fruit , but the grape है our least favorite. he है driving that big blue truck. i dislike strawberries and oranges. the strawberry है your most loved fruit , but the orange है my most loved. india है usually wonderful during december , but it है usually snowy in june. the mango है her most loved fruit , but the peach है his most loved. france है कभी-कभी hot during spring , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in september. china है कभी-कभी busy during september , and it है usually शांत in winter. india है never busy during november , and it है usually beautiful in may. china है never nice during summer , but it है usually hot in october. china है rainy during spring , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in november. he dislikes bananas , pears , and strawberries. france है never rainy during march , and it है never snowy in december. he likes lemons , bananas , and oranges. california है never beautiful during summer , but it है usually dry in december. they like pears , oranges , and limes. france है never relaxing during july , but it है wet in autumn. the peach है his least liked fruit , but the strawberry है their least liked. france है कभी-कभी wet during june , but it है hot in march. we dislike lemons , oranges , and mangoes. my favorite fruit है the strawberry , but our favorite है the mango. paris है usually hot during fall , but it है usually relaxing in october. he plans to visit paris in autumn. their most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but her most loved है the lime. china है usually warm during april , and it है कभी-कभी hot in june. india है never cold during january , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in november. your least favorite fruit है the lemon , but her least favorite है the peach. they like oranges , peaches , and grapes. their least favorite fruit है the peach , but our least favorite है the lime. india है usually snowy during summer , and it है कभी-कभी hot in december. his least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but her least favorite है the apple. india है wet during june , but it है nice in summer. how was the weather in the united states last june ? the grape है your least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है my least liked. china है rainy during october , but it है usually pleasant in autumn. her favorite fruit है the pear , but our favorite है the lemon. she dislikes oranges , strawberries , and mangoes. नई जर्सी है usually cold during summer , but it है never freezing in august. india है never nice during april , but it है busy in august. i dislike mangoes , oranges , and limes. नई जर्सी है usually rainy during july , but it है usually dry in winter. she likes mangoes , oranges , and pears. paris है wonderful during spring , but it है chilly in april. india है wonderful during november , and it है dry in december. he wanted to go to china last december. strawberries are his least favorite fruit. her most loved fruit है the grape , but my most loved है the strawberry. we dislike limes and oranges. the united states है कभी-कभी cold during autumn , but it है never mild in october. the lemon है his most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है my most loved. her least favorite animal है the rabbit. china है hot during autumn , but it है busy in july. she है going to paris next winter. नई जर्सी है never mild during september , but it है never freezing in august. the grapefruit है their least favorite fruit , but the grape है my least favorite. i dislike grapefruit and peaches. the united states है कभी-कभी warm during april , and it है never mild in march. paris है कभी-कभी busy during november , but it है usually cold in march. his most loved fruit है the banana , but your most loved है the peach. france है कभी-कभी nice during december , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in fall. france है कभी-कभी शांत during winter , and it है hot in november. paris है कभी-कभी freezing during august , but it है chilly in january. france है कभी-कभी cold during august , and it है usually pleasant in november. the banana है their favorite fruit , but the lemon है my favorite. china है usually wonderful during october , but it है usually mild in january. the apple है her favorite fruit , but the lemon है his favorite. the orange है your least favorite fruit , but the grape है his least favorite. you dislike grapes , oranges , and peaches. your favorite fruit है the strawberry , but their favorite है the grapefruit. she dislikes lemons , grapefruit , and strawberries. she wants to go to india next fall. he dislikes peaches , oranges , and limes. our most loved fruit है the lemon , but your most loved है the strawberry. this mouse है his most loved animal. the grape है their most loved fruit , but the banana है her most loved. india है कभी-कभी wet during december , but it है dry in march. she likes oranges , grapefruit , and peaches. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी शांत during february , but it है hot in autumn. our least liked fruit है the strawberry , but your least liked है the banana. california है never hot during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी mild in december. he dislikes apples , lemons , and pears. the peach है your least liked fruit , but the orange है our least liked. नई जर्सी है usually rainy during may , and it है usually शांत in october. india है usually beautiful during november , but it है कभी-कभी busy in march. the united states है pleasant during february , and it है warm in december. california है never hot during may , but it है never शांत in july. she dislikes the rusty green automobile. the united states है कभी-कभी warm during fall , but it है beautiful in july. their least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but his least favorite है the lime. he saw a little red truck. france है never शांत during fall , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in march. california है never snowy during september , and it है nice in november. paris है rainy during november , but it है relaxing in fall. india है usually wet during december , but it है usually cold in january. california है never dry during spring , but it है never cold in may. the united states है dry during july , and it है snowy in january. china है usually wet during september , and it है usually snowy in november. california है warm during december , but it है never dry in august. paris है कभी-कभी chilly during april , but it है usually mild in fall. my least favorite fruit है the grape , but their least favorite है the lime. she dislikes the big green automobile. he dislikes apples , lemons , and bananas. paris है usually snowy during summer , and it है कभी-कभी cold in winter. california है never relaxing during january , but it है never hot in august. the grapefruit है his favorite fruit. he dislikes bananas , grapefruit , and peaches. california है cold during october , and it है never warm in fall. france है rainy during winter , but it है never beautiful in june. california है usually freezing during october , but it है wet in autumn. the united states है usually warm during september , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in march. you like peaches , mangoes , and limes. his least favorite fruit है the peach , but our least favorite है the banana. the apple है our favorite fruit , but the orange है your favorite. i dislike mangoes , peaches , and limes. the united states है usually warm during winter , but it है कभी-कभी hot in march. india है never wet during february , but it है hot in october. the united states है कभी-कभी mild during fall , but it है never freezing in november. china है कभी-कभी hot during may , and it है कभी-कभी dry in fall. france है usually snowy during november , and it है wonderful in september. india है never cold during march , and it है usually warm in january. our least liked fruit है the lemon , but my least liked है the peach. california है warm during october , but it है usually beautiful in april. he saw the shiny red car. the united states है usually शांत during april , but it है never mild in march. the united states है usually beautiful during spring , but it है never dry in february. my favorite fruit है the banana , but our favorite है the mango. he likes apples and grapefruit. she likes apples , oranges , and strawberries. we dislike limes and lemons. paris है usually relaxing during december , but it है कभी-कभी mild in spring. the mango है his least liked fruit , but the lemon है our least liked. california है wonderful during october , but it है relaxing in autumn. the shark was his favorite animal. our least favorite fruit है the pear , but his least favorite है the strawberry. france है nice during march , but it है hot in winter. india है कभी-कभी beautiful during spring , and it है never warm in fall. she dislikes pears , limes , and mangoes. my favorite fruit है the orange , but our favorite है the peach. france है कभी-कभी chilly during spring , and it है relaxing in july. china है कभी-कभी snowy during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी busy in spring. india है cold during march , and it है कभी-कभी dry in spring. paris है usually warm during december , but it है pleasant in autumn. india है relaxing during march , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in spring. he है going to paris next winter. the united states है cold during september , but it है usually beautiful in august. नई जर्सी है never busy during february , but it है never शांत in june. they dislike peaches , lemons , and bananas. your most loved fruit है the orange , but her most loved है the lemon. she likes limes , lemons , and apples. he dislikes bananas , grapes , and grapefruit. india है freezing during may , and it है usually beautiful in july. your least liked fruit है the lime , but her least liked है the banana. she saw the नई red car. she went to paris last june. the united states है कभी-कभी pleasant during february , and it है usually शांत in april. we like apples , oranges , and grapefruit. china है कभी-कभी relaxing during june , but it है never warm in july. paris है chilly during february , and it है snowy in march. we plan to visit california next summer. नई जर्सी है never pleasant during july , but it है usually relaxing in august. his least liked fruit है the pear , but our least liked है the banana. my least liked fruit है the strawberry , but their least liked है the orange. china है usually snowy during october , but it है never शांत in january. his favorite fruit है the strawberry , but your favorite है the peach. when are we going to china ? my most loved animal was that mouse. france है कभी-कभी freezing during october , and it है never chilly in autumn. the orange है my favorite fruit , but the lemon है our favorite. paris है usually relaxing during june , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in january. we like apples , pears , and mangoes. china है chilly during fall , but it है usually rainy in december. they wanted to go to paris last march. i plan to visit california next july. they like bananas and limes. paris है कभी-कभी dry during july , and it है कभी-कभी nice in january. नई जर्सी है never nice during march , and it है usually snowy in february. the grapefruit है your least liked fruit , but the peach है their least liked. paris है कभी-कभी busy during april , but it है usually snowy in june. china है usually freezing during fall , but it है never pleasant in spring. she saw that rusty red car. the orange है her favorite fruit , but the banana है his favorite. नई जर्सी है never शांत during december , and it है usually pleasant in fall. india है never nice during winter , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in may. they like strawberries , oranges , and mangoes. the banana है their favorite fruit , but the grape है our favorite. paris है never relaxing during january , and it है usually nice in december. it's easy to translate english to french. the peach है your most loved fruit , but the banana है her most loved. france है never freezing during september , but it है usually mild in may. your least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but my least favorite है the apple. india है usually wet during winter , but it है usually relaxing in december. paris है mild during fall , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in may. नई जर्सी है cold during october , but it है कभी-कभी hot in june. they dislike strawberries , grapes , and bananas. we plan to visit नई जर्सी in january. india है usually freezing during october , and it है usually mild in summer. california है dry during december , and it है usually wonderful in june. she dislikes peaches , oranges , and mangoes. india है never relaxing during fall , and it है snowy in december. france है कभी-कभी शांत during winter , but it है कभी-कभी hot in summer. california है relaxing during spring , but it है chilly in june. china है never pleasant during june , and it है never relaxing in september. india है pleasant during autumn , and it है never cold in spring. france है कभी-कभी wet during summer , and it है beautiful in may. paris है कभी-कभी busy during august , and it है usually wet in january. india है usually busy during spring , and it है never शांत in july. paris है usually chilly during january , and it है कभी-कभी mild in april. india है never snowy during may , and it है शांत in autumn. they dislike bananas , pears , and grapes. we dislike bananas , peaches , and grapefruit. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during may , but it है usually wonderful in june. india है never dry during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in august. china है never dry during january , but it है never शांत in autumn. the grapefruit है your least liked fruit. नई जर्सी है pleasant during spring , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in december. your least favorite fruit है the pear , but their least favorite है the lime. नई जर्सी है usually pleasant during march , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in august. india है कभी-कभी hot during august , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in october. the apple है your favorite fruit , but the banana है our favorite. china है never शांत during february , but it है never dry in october. california है dry during april , and it है usually शांत in november. france है warm during spring , but it है snowy in december. india है never rainy during march , and it है usually mild in january. california है usually cold during september , and it है usually dry in july. the united states है never busy during august , and it है hot in february. she dislikes grapes , grapefruit , and bananas. i like limes , peaches , and mangoes. france है never शांत during april , and it है कभी-कभी mild in march. we dislike apples and bananas. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी pleasant during fall , and it है chilly in winter. paris है never dry during september , and it है never freezing in february. paris है never beautiful during june , but it है कभी-कभी hot in winter. the strawberry है your favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है their favorite. china है कभी-कभी freezing during july , and it है relaxing in february. china है usually cold during january , and it है कभी-कभी busy in june. paris है कभी-कभी chilly during november , and it है कभी-कभी cold in spring. the united states है never busy during april , and it है never dry in october. my most loved fruit है the strawberry , but her most loved है the peach. do you think translating between chinese and english है fun ? i dislike peaches , grapefruit , and pears. france है never mild during august , and it है usually nice in may. he plans to visit california next december. her most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but your most loved है the pear. california है never chilly during autumn , and it है usually snowy in winter. the grape है her least liked fruit , but the apple है my least liked. the united states है never relaxing during may , and it है chilly in december. the united states है nice during july , and it है warm in autumn. china है usually freezing during november , but it है usually relaxing in autumn. france है never pleasant during february , and it है never relaxing in summer. india है busy during july , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in spring. france है कभी-कभी dry during summer , and it है never busy in spring. she likes lemons , bananas , and peaches. india है rainy during may , but it है wet in april. नई जर्सी है usually hot during february , but it है cold in autumn. he plans to visit china next september. india है never relaxing during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी dry in april. california है usually hot during winter , and it है nice in autumn. paris है कभी-कभी cold during autumn , but it है usually mild in summer. she likes peaches , mangoes , and bananas. china है कभी-कभी शांत during winter , and it है usually wet in november. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी chilly during september , and it है wonderful in february. china है warm during fall , and it है wonderful in february. he liked that big blue truck. he likes peaches , oranges , and grapefruit. the grape है my least liked fruit , but the pear है her least liked. he drove a little blue car. china है never freezing during april , but it है relaxing in march. paris है usually cold during august , and it है never nice in june. california है usually mild during summer , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in june. the lime है your most loved fruit. our least favorite fruit है the peach , but my least favorite है the orange. नई जर्सी है never wet during fall , and it है never freezing in august. the united states है कभी-कभी warm during february , and it है usually wonderful in autumn. china है usually beautiful during winter , and it है never wet in fall. your favorite fruit है the pear , but our favorite है the lemon. paris है warm during winter , and it है rainy in summer. their most loved fruit है the pear , but his most loved है the banana. the united states है snowy during spring , and it है never dry in winter. france है usually wet during autumn , and it है never nice in august. i plan to visit the united states next spring. their most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but my most loved है the mango. the united states है कभी-कभी शांत during november , and it है usually beautiful in january. नई जर्सी है usually freezing during may , and it है dry in march. the united states है usually relaxing during june , but it है usually nice in december. the grapefruit है my favorite fruit. my least favorite animals are dogs. india है usually hot during august , but it है कभी-कभी wet in winter. my favorite fruit है the apple , but your favorite है the mango. why isn't she going to the eiffel tower ? china है never chilly during september , and it है warm in august. california है कभी-कभी pleasant during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in march. france है never wet during autumn , but it है never rainy in january. india है usually warm during winter , and it है शांत in september. the banana है his favorite fruit , but the lemon है our favorite. china है wonderful during april , but it है busy in fall. नई जर्सी है never warm during february , but it है कभी-कभी mild in summer. they are going to india next september. the united states है usually wet during winter , but it है never relaxing in april. california है relaxing during january , but it है dry in march. the united states है usually warm during december , but it है hot in october. नई जर्सी है never nice during june , and it है usually wet in autumn. she was driving the shiny red automobile. france है कभी-कभी शांत during august , but it है कभी-कभी hot in april. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी cold during july , but it है never snowy in august. my favorite fruit है the banana , but her favorite है the peach. the peach है his least favorite fruit , but the pear है their least favorite. paris है never wonderful during january , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in july. the lime है our least liked fruit , but the pear है your least liked. she likes bananas , pears , and limes. california है कभी-कभी snowy during may , but it है usually rainy in summer. india है dry during september , but it है usually relaxing in march. china है कभी-कभी wonderful during august , but it है कभी-कभी nice in february. the united states है usually freezing during may , and it है never pleasant in october. her favorite fruit है the peach , but our favorite है the orange. france है dry during may , but it है never freezing in winter. we dislike oranges , mangoes , and strawberries. india है कभी-कभी mild during march , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in spring. the united states है warm during november , but it है wonderful in july. france है never nice during july , and it है कभी-कभी busy in march. our least favorite fruit है the orange , but their least favorite है the pear. china है freezing during june , but it है usually rainy in january. paris है never chilly during february , and it है कभी-कभी mild in summer. paris है nice during november , but it है usually rainy in spring. his favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but my favorite है the lime. their least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but our least liked है the lime. the peach है my least favorite fruit , but the orange है his least favorite. california है usually snowy during summer , and it है usually wonderful in august. india है never snowy during january , but it है usually rainy in winter. china है dry during summer , and it है never beautiful in winter. france है hot during winter , but it है usually freezing in march. he drives the big green car. i dislike strawberries , pears , and peaches. china है chilly during july , but it है never wet in summer. the banana है her least liked fruit , but the lemon है their least liked. नई जर्सी है never snowy during winter , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in fall. california है कभी-कभी wet during june , but it है usually wonderful in may. they like oranges , grapefruit , and lemons. she dislikes bananas , limes , and pears. his least liked fruit है the orange , but my least liked है the peach. france है relaxing during march , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in autumn. paris है usually warm during may , and it है wonderful in february. california है कभी-कभी busy during march , and it है usually pleasant in autumn. china है कभी-कभी शांत during december , and it है never snowy in summer. the orange है our least liked fruit , but the peach है their least liked. his most loved fruit है the grape , but my most loved है the banana. france है कभी-कभी beautiful during october , and it है usually relaxing in summer. the united states है never mild during august , and it है snowy in may. she dislikes pears , mangoes , and oranges. france है usually nice during november , and it है कभी-कभी warm in winter. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी beautiful during october , but it है usually cold in spring. the united states है usually शांत during june , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in january. he plans to visit france in february. your most loved animals were lions. china है कभी-कभी mild during april , and it है usually nice in november. france है never mild during december , but it है usually beautiful in june. the pear है my most loved fruit , but the banana है our most loved. china है कभी-कभी chilly during january , but it है never शांत in may. we like limes , peaches , and apples. she dislikes grapes , apples , and grapefruit. the banana है your least liked fruit , but the peach है our least liked. india है कभी-कभी chilly during january , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in fall. the orange है their least liked fruit , but the lemon है his least liked. paris है beautiful during summer , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in winter. paris है never wonderful during march , and it है usually chilly in september. paris है never snowy during december , but it है never rainy in may. we dislike apples , strawberries , and limes. they want to go to नई जर्सी next winter. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी dry during september , and it है never snowy in october. the mango है your most loved fruit , but the peach है my most loved. china है never wet during march , but it है beautiful in fall. his least liked fruit है the pear , but your least liked है the apple. नई जर्सी है usually nice during spring , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in summer. the grape है our least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है his least favorite. the orange है his least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है my least favorite. china है wonderful during spring , and it है usually wet in autumn. the strawberry है your least favorite fruit , but the grape है his least favorite. नई जर्सी है never hot during september , but it है कभी-कभी busy in february. china है कभी-कभी nice during november , and it है usually rainy in autumn. his favorite animal है the dog. the peach है his least favorite fruit , but the banana है my least favorite. china है never शांत during february , but it है never wonderful in winter. he dislikes pears , lemons , and grapes. my least favorite fruit है the apple , but his least favorite है the grapefruit. india है never freezing during september , but it है never dry in december. california है busy during winter , but it है dry in spring. paris है busy during fall , and it है wet in july. the lemon है our least liked fruit , but the strawberry है their least liked. नई जर्सी है mild during april , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in june. california है never dry during may , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in january. california है relaxing during summer , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in winter. the united states है relaxing during december , but it है usually wonderful in september. we dislike limes , bananas , and pears. california है freezing during july , but it है cold in january. china है never beautiful during august , but it है never chilly in november. india है never nice during fall , but it है wonderful in january. paris है never beautiful during december , but it है कभी-कभी hot in may. the grape है her favorite fruit , but the mango है your favorite. नई जर्सी है never mild during january , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in november. india है कभी-कभी dry during spring , but it है mild in november. china है usually nice during december , but it है कभी-कभी dry in january. नई जर्सी है usually beautiful during spring , and it है कभी-कभी hot in may. he likes bananas , pears , and oranges. france है usually beautiful during august , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in november. china है usually hot during november , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in autumn. the united states है शांत during january , but it है hot in november. you like apples , lemons , and mangoes. he likes oranges , apples , and peaches. your least favorite fruit है the apple , but his least favorite है the grapefruit. china है never chilly during autumn , and it है usually rainy in february. india है कभी-कभी beautiful during august , and it है never cold in winter. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी freezing during november , but it है never rainy in spring. i dislike limes , mangoes , and apples. india है कभी-कभी busy during autumn , but it है usually शांत in january. lions are her favorite animals. she might go to india next may. grapes are my most loved fruit. her least favorite fruit है the banana , but our least favorite है the peach. california है usually chilly during winter , but it है never cold in summer. the lime है their most loved fruit , but the lemon है our most loved. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during summer , and it है usually wonderful in october. the cat है his least favorite animal. you like apples and peaches. california है nice during august , and it है usually mild in spring. नई जर्सी है never hot during summer , and it है कभी-कभी wet in winter. she thinks it's difficult to translate portuguese to english. california है pleasant during may , but it है never beautiful in march. the banana है her favorite fruit , but the lime है their favorite. paris है never freezing during summer , but it है usually hot in may. the orange है his most loved fruit , but the lime है my most loved. paris है never freezing during december , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in march. your least favorite animal was this mouse. india है wet during march , and it है never wonderful in january. i like lemons , bananas , and strawberries. paris है शांत during january , and it है beautiful in december. india है cold during january , but it है never warm in october. china है warm during april , but it है busy in winter. the shark है my favorite animal. his favorite fruit है the apple , but our favorite है the mango. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी nice during autumn , but it है never शांत in february. the mango है my favorite fruit , but the grape है their favorite. the united states है कभी-कभी warm during summer , and it है pleasant in march. india है wonderful during july , but it है pleasant in november. he likes grapefruit , limes , and grapes. their least favorite fruit है the pear , but his least favorite है the grape. china है usually शांत during march , but it है usually hot in october. they plan to visit california next may. india है कभी-कभी wet during winter , and it है never beautiful in spring. paris है never warm during january , but it है शांत in november. the grape है her least liked fruit , but the lemon है my least liked. their least liked fruit है the pear , but my least liked है the mango. paris है busy during september , but it है rainy in fall. china है dry during october , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in august. we dislike oranges , peaches , and mangoes. the peach है my favorite fruit , but the pear है her favorite. your favorite fruit है the mango , but our favorite है the apple. china है never freezing during february , and it है कभी-कभी cold in winter. india है कभी-कभी wet during july , but it है कभी-कभी nice in spring. the united states है usually snowy during fall , and it है nice in january. california है chilly during june , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in fall. i dislike pears , oranges , and strawberries. paris है कभी-कभी warm during march , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in april. he drives a little black car. he dislikes that big green automobile. france है pleasant during summer , but it है never mild in spring. our least liked fruit है the lemon , but their least liked है the peach. नई जर्सी है never cold during winter , and it है usually hot in january. the grapefruit है my favorite fruit , but the apple है their favorite. he dislikes grapes , mangoes , and peaches. the united states है कभी-कभी beautiful during july , but it है never शांत in april. they went to china last january. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी freezing during february , and it है beautiful in may. your least favorite fruit है the banana , but her least favorite है the pear. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी rainy during fall , but it है never mild in spring. we like peaches , strawberries , and grapes. paris है never busy during autumn , but it है usually snowy in spring. china है usually dry during spring , but it है never cold in september. my least favorite animals are rabbits. california है कभी-कभी warm during february , but it है wonderful in april. the united states है usually chilly during winter , and it है pleasant in june. the united states है rainy during fall , but it है never freezing in june. the banana है his least liked fruit , but the strawberry है her least liked. he likes mangoes , strawberries , and grapes. paris है hot during september , but it है never beautiful in january. the united states है usually wet during april , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in october. the strawberry है their most loved fruit , but the lemon है his most loved. china है usually शांत during summer , and it है never warm in february. china है कभी-कभी wonderful during spring , and it है कभी-कभी cold in april. she drove a shiny red truck. california है कभी-कभी wonderful during august , and it है कभी-कभी wet in summer. the united states है usually pleasant during may , and it है never beautiful in june. the united states है dry during august , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in may. my favorite fruit है the pear , but their favorite है the mango. he dislikes grapefruit and strawberries. india है never freezing during winter , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in may. china है कभी-कभी hot during summer , but it है usually freezing in fall. the united states है never nice during april , and it है dry in june. he disliked that big red truck. they dislike bananas , oranges , and apples. china है usually nice during august , and it है never freezing in september. she saw a old black automobile. the united states है never hot during november , but it है never freezing in february. china है never busy during january , but it है wonderful in october. california है कभी-कभी शांत during fall , but it है never wonderful in december. india है कभी-कभी mild during october , and it है never relaxing in summer. his favorite fruit है the orange , but our favorite है the grape. paris है wonderful during june , and it है कभी-कभी cold in january. our most loved fruit है the banana , but their most loved है the peach. our least liked fruit है the mango , but your least liked है the strawberry. india है chilly during august , but it है never wet in december. their least favorite fruit है the lime , but our least favorite है the lemon. california है never busy during october , and it है usually snowy in january. the united states है usually chilly during april , and it है usually शांत in october. she है driving that big red automobile. he drove a rusty red automobile. this rabbit was his most feared animal. she dislikes apples , grapes , and oranges. she dislikes lemons , pears , and apples. they like mangoes and limes. france है usually cold during autumn , and it है usually warm in april. china है कभी-कभी hot during april , and it है warm in september. she likes mangoes , lemons , and grapefruit. she likes grapefruit , mangoes , and bananas. the united states है usually busy during spring , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in april. translating between chinese and portuguese है easy. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी pleasant during winter , but it है beautiful in january. france है कभी-कभी snowy during january , and it है शांत in march. they like strawberries and apples. she likes bananas , lemons , and grapefruit. they dislike pears , lemons , and grapes. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी शांत during december , and it है never snowy in june. he drives that little green automobile. she liked that नई yellow car. the lime है their least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है her least favorite. california है never nice during july , but it है busy in june. california है never pleasant during september , but it है rainy in winter. he dislikes apples , peaches , and mangoes. the mango है my most loved fruit , but the grape है your most loved. नई जर्सी है never wet during may , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in winter. paris है कभी-कभी freezing during autumn , and it है never beautiful in october. नई जर्सी है शांत during april , and it है chilly in june. my least favorite fruit है the lemon , but their least favorite है the lime. the united states है never nice during fall , and it है never beautiful in march. india है never wonderful during summer , but it है wet in january. they like pears , apples , and peaches. we like apples , peaches , and pears. नई जर्सी है never cold during april , and it है relaxing in february. france है wonderful during fall , and it है usually nice in summer. नई जर्सी है usually dry during april , but it है cold in summer. the pear है her most loved fruit , but the orange है my most loved. paris है never chilly during may , and it है usually hot in october. she thinks it's easy to translate chinese to portuguese. the grapefruit है his least liked fruit , but the strawberry है your least liked. paris है never rainy during may , and it है शांत in summer. california है usually warm during july , and it है usually busy in october. france है usually hot during spring , and it है usually snowy in december. your favorite fruit है the orange , but our favorite है the apple. we plan to visit india in autumn. you like peaches , strawberries , and pears. his favorite fruit है the lemon , but her favorite है the lime. california है never warm during august , but it है never mild in june. the lemon है my least liked fruit , but the orange है our least liked. california है warm during january , but it है usually wonderful in may. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during summer , and it है snowy in january. you dislike apples , lemons , and oranges. नई जर्सी है never dry during december , and it है usually mild in october. the united states है usually chilly during august , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in spring. china है never warm during winter , but it है कभी-कभी mild in august. the united states है dry during february , and it है never snowy in april. china है शांत during september , and it है never busy in august. california है usually relaxing during november , but it है usually wet in september. california है pleasant during september , but it है never warm in winter. she likes oranges , limes , and grapefruit. france है never beautiful during summer , but it है never warm in april. his favorite fruit है the pear , but her favorite है the lime. sharks are his favorite animals. she likes apples , lemons , and limes. india है usually wet during july , and it है कभी-कभी hot in november. when है she going to china ? नई जर्सी है usually mild during may , and it है usually wet in autumn. paris है nice during november , but it है usually snowy in summer. the apple है our least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है your least favorite. india है usually hot during june , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in april. france है usually busy during january , and it है usually mild in march. नई जर्सी है never nice during january , but it है never शांत in november. china है usually wonderful during spring , but it है usually relaxing in march. the united states है कभी-कभी relaxing during may , but it है usually शांत in summer. your most loved fruit है the orange , but their most loved है the pear. india है pleasant during march , and it है usually beautiful in december. you like grapefruit , bananas , and pears. the united states है never hot during summer , and it है usually warm in autumn. california है never dry during june , and it है कभी-कभी cold in spring. paris है usually relaxing during december , but it है usually snowy in june. we dislike peaches , strawberries , and apples. france है कभी-कभी mild during fall , but it है cold in autumn. the united states है कभी-कभी beautiful during fall , and it है cold in may. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during winter , and it है कभी-कभी dry in may. the pear है our favorite fruit , but the lemon है his favorite. नई जर्सी है dry during january , but it है snowy in may. the peach है your least favorite fruit , but the lemon है his least favorite. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during autumn , and it है never chilly in july. paris है never wonderful during winter , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in march. china है beautiful during august , and it है never mild in october. india है freezing during fall , but it है कभी-कभी cold in september. i dislike lemons and limes. we plan to visit paris in february. france है never warm during november , and it है कभी-कभी wet in fall. india है usually relaxing during autumn , but it है never pleasant in march. she saw the big blue car. she likes peaches and apples. your most loved fruit है the pear. california है snowy during summer , but it है usually hot in march. california है never freezing during spring , and it है शांत in october. california है freezing during may. the united states है usually wet during winter , but it है never nice in march. the lime है your least favorite fruit , but the grape है her least favorite. california है usually dry during october , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in november. the orange है your favorite fruit , but the mango है their favorite. the apple है her least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है your least favorite. his most loved fruit है the grape , but our most loved है the apple. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी freezing during fall , and it है never busy in july. he dislikes strawberries , oranges , and grapes. paris है usually wonderful during april , but it है never mild in summer. she dislikes grapes , grapefruit , and limes. china है usually hot during july , and it है never शांत in summer. birds are my most feared animals. i dislike bananas , grapefruit , and mangoes. the united states है freezing during summer , and it है cold in august. he likes pears , grapes , and peaches. they dislike mangoes , grapefruit , and pears. he plans to visit california in february. you like oranges , apples , and limes. the united states है कभी-कभी wet during june , and it है never warm in may. their favorite fruit है the apple , but her favorite है the pear. the lime है your most loved fruit , but the peach है her most loved. we like grapefruit , grapes , and peaches. california है कभी-कभी wonderful during fall , but it है warm in may. नई जर्सी है शांत during may , and it है usually cold in october. france है कभी-कभी chilly during april , but it है never cold in february. france है कभी-कभी beautiful during september , and it है relaxing in november. india है कभी-कभी cold during april , but it है never शांत in july. our most loved fruit है the banana , but her most loved है the pear. france है wet during july , but it है pleasant in may. your favorite fruit है the grape , but our favorite है the lime. the united states है usually busy during fall , but it है never hot in november. my most loved fruit है the lemon , but our most loved है the mango. the united states है never hot during may , but it है never chilly in september. california है कभी-कभी busy during april , and it है usually dry in october. india है snowy during march , but it है usually wonderful in autumn. our least liked fruit है the apple , but his least liked है the pear. france है usually cold during fall , but it है usually wonderful in september. the apple है their favorite fruit , but the orange है my favorite. bananas are your least favorite fruit. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during december , and it है कभी-कभी nice in january. china है कभी-कभी chilly during fall , and it है never relaxing in autumn. the lemon है my least liked fruit , but the peach है their least liked. the peach है her most loved fruit , but the strawberry है his most loved. india है कभी-कभी hot during august , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in winter. he likes grapes , grapefruit , and mangoes. paris है usually freezing during september , but it है never mild in november. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during october , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in june. नई जर्सी है never hot during june , and it है beautiful in september. she dislikes apples , mangoes , and bananas. california है usually chilly during december , but it है usually rainy in october. she dislikes that big blue truck. his favorite fruit है the peach , but my favorite है the strawberry. our favorite fruit है the grape , but her favorite है the peach. i like bananas , apples , and lemons. your least liked fruit है the orange , but their least liked है the apple. he was driving that old black automobile. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी warm during fall , but it है never pleasant in december. paris है usually hot during may , but it है usually pleasant in june. i like peaches , strawberries , and lemons. her least liked fruit है the grape , but their least liked है the banana. california है never beautiful during spring , and it है pleasant in october. you dislike oranges , apples , and mangoes. france है usually snowy during march , and it है never mild in spring. china है usually warm during october , but it है never cold in december. france है never relaxing during summer , but it है usually hot in march. she likes strawberries , grapes , and peaches. नई जर्सी है relaxing during january , and it है never dry in may. her most loved animal है the bear. california है कभी-कभी शांत during april , but it है कभी-कभी nice in october. china है कभी-कभी warm during summer , and it है never chilly in winter. she likes peaches , mangoes , and strawberries. she likes little peaches. china है never chilly during november , but it है never cold in may. the peach है my most loved fruit. i like lemons and limes. china है usually cold during spring , and it है busy in january. the united states है wet during december , but it है usually शांत in winter. china है cold during january , but it है usually snowy in summer. the peach है her least liked fruit , but the pear है my least liked. the united states है usually cold during february , and it है usually rainy in june. france है never chilly during november , and it है कभी-कभी mild in december. paris है never शांत during july , and it है कभी-कभी warm in march. the apple है his most loved fruit , but the mango है their most loved. china है usually rainy during june , but it है usually hot in september. paris है usually warm during july , and it है never dry in october. india है कभी-कभी cold during october , but it है usually snowy in summer. she likes strawberries and peaches. paris है usually freezing during february , and it है कभी-कभी mild in autumn. we like strawberries , limes , and oranges. she likes lemons , strawberries , and peaches. paris है usually wonderful during february , but it है rainy in december. china है usually snowy during may , but it है कभी-कभी cold in january. france है rainy during december , but it है nice in spring. china है beautiful during february , but it है कभी-कभी hot in april. france है never freezing during july , and it है never pleasant in february. the orange है my favorite fruit , but the peach है his favorite. france है कभी-कभी wonderful during spring , but it है usually warm in april. she dislikes bananas , grapefruit , and lemons. he likes peaches , lemons , and bananas. this monkey was my most feared animal. the united states है कभी-कभी busy during spring , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in september. their least liked fruit है the lemon , but my least liked है the apple. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी relaxing during may , and it है never pleasant in december. china है never freezing during winter , but it है कभी-कभी cold in february. नई जर्सी है usually शांत during march , but it है usually cold in june. she dislikes oranges , apples , and mangoes. paris है never freezing during december , and it है usually chilly in summer. the strawberry है our favorite fruit , but the lime है her favorite. i like strawberries , bananas , and mangoes. china है never hot during december , but it है कभी-कभी wet in june. france है usually rainy during november , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in may. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wet during december , and it है mild in july. he dislikes grapes , strawberries , and mangoes. our favorite fruit है the pear , but your favorite है the strawberry. did she like paris ? she was driving the नई red car. france है usually wonderful during summer , and it है usually शांत in winter. the united states है कभी-कभी शांत during fall , but it है nice in may. she liked the old yellow car. we like limes , strawberries , and apples. they wanted to go to california last june. paris है usually relaxing during fall , and it है कभी-कभी hot in may. paris है busy during january , but it है usually wonderful in summer. he likes mangoes , oranges , and limes. china है कभी-कभी mild during autumn , but it है never rainy in summer. the lime है your most loved fruit , but the banana है her most loved. नई जर्सी है never busy during winter , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in december. his most loved fruit है the lemon , but her most loved है the orange. he was driving a little white truck. china है never rainy during october , and it है usually pleasant in december. the united states है कभी-कभी warm during february , and it है never beautiful in may. she liked the little blue automobile. china है कभी-कभी warm during summer , and it है busy in february. france है pleasant during august , and it है कभी-कभी warm in autumn. she dislikes lemons , apples , and oranges. the mango है our most loved fruit , but the banana है my most loved. india है warm during august , but it है dry in april. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी mild during summer , and it है usually busy in november. she likes peaches and apples. the pear है her favorite fruit , but the peach है his favorite. china है chilly during october , and it है wet in november. china है कभी-कभी dry during january , but it है chilly in autumn. paris है freezing during august , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in july. i dislike bananas , grapes , and peaches. india है usually snowy during february , and it है hot in june. the united states है never dry during september , and it है usually शांत in spring. the mango है their most loved fruit , but the orange है his most loved. नई जर्सी है wonderful during december , and it है warm in fall. he dislikes a rusty blue truck. नई जर्सी है usually beautiful during september , and it है कभी-कभी hot in january. our least liked fruit है the orange , but his least liked है the strawberry. the strawberry है his least favorite fruit , but the apple है their least favorite. she liked the big white car. paris है never dry during winter , but it है never शांत in october. he dislikes strawberries , lemons , and grapes. china है कभी-कभी freezing during december , but it है beautiful in january. france है never freezing during autumn , but it है usually hot in june. france है कभी-कभी rainy during winter , and it है कभी-कभी busy in spring. paris है wet during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी cold in summer. he likes grapefruit , bananas , and lemons. the united states है never rainy during december , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in september. she likes pears , oranges , and grapefruit. our least favorite fruit है the pear , but their least favorite है the banana. paris है never freezing during july , but it है usually warm in november. the united states है rainy during winter , and it है hot in october. the united states है कभी-कभी beautiful during april , and it है warm in may. paris है कभी-कभी hot during march , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in august. the united states है कभी-कभी wet during january , but it है usually cold in august. india है never cold during august , but it है relaxing in march. china है usually warm during may , but it है wonderful in january. our most loved fruit है the lemon , but my most loved है the grapefruit. his favorite fruit है the peach , but our favorite है the lime. india है never mild during winter , but it है never busy in january. california है usually snowy during july , and it है usually mild in spring. the united states है कभी-कभी snowy during summer , but it है hot in march. she plans to visit नई जर्सी next may. she dislikes grapes , apples , and lemons. paris है busy during autumn , and it है usually relaxing in spring. paris है usually dry during december , and it है usually freezing in october. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during september , but it है never wonderful in january. your favorite fruit है the lime , but our favorite है the pear. paris है never chilly during winter , but it है usually nice in june. he likes limes , oranges , and lemons. india है pleasant during march , but it है usually dry in june. the lime है their least liked fruit , but the apple है her least liked. india है usually busy during november , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in march. you like grapes , grapefruit , and bananas. california है never nice during spring , and it है कभी-कभी wet in december. i like pears , grapefruit , and limes. why did he go to the football field ? paris है usually rainy during spring , but it है usually cold in march. the bird है your least favorite animal. she drives a rusty green truck. the strawberry है your most loved fruit , but the lime है her most loved. paris है nice during december , and it है कभी-कभी dry in may. i like pears , mangoes , and grapefruit. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during fall , and it है beautiful in august. he likes peaches and strawberries. the united states है usually mild during november , but it है never rainy in december. he likes apples , lemons , and grapefruit. france है कभी-कभी rainy during january , but it है never wet in august. नई जर्सी है never chilly during august , and it है never busy in january. china है usually freezing during summer , but it है कभी-कभी wet in november. california है never rainy during fall , and it है freezing in winter. california है chilly during october , but it है never pleasant in june. paris है never rainy during february , but it है never warm in october. she plans to visit california next june. china है never wonderful during spring , but it है कभी-कभी wet in june. california है usually chilly during april , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in september. she है driving a little white truck. he likes oranges , limes , and grapes. california है usually pleasant during october , but it है usually शांत in september. her favorite fruit है the lime , but his favorite है the pear. the peach है my most loved fruit , but the strawberry है their most loved. he plans to visit नई जर्सी in may. india है कभी-कभी warm during september , but it है usually relaxing in october. he dislikes oranges , pears , and apples. नई जर्सी है usually cold during autumn , and it है usually rainy in february. she dislikes bananas , apples , and peaches. the lemon है our favorite fruit , but the grape है their favorite. france है never cold during january , and it है snowy in spring. france है never freezing during april , and it है never nice in july. her favorite fruit है the grape , but his favorite है the banana. california है beautiful during fall , but it है never wonderful in august. china है usually mild during march , and it है wet in winter. this monkey was his most feared animal. he likes limes , grapes , and strawberries. she wants to go to india next july. नई जर्सी है never hot during june , but it है snowy in march. they like lemons , grapes , and oranges. नई जर्सी है never hot during december , and it है busy in september. china है कभी-कभी warm during february , but it है कभी-कभी nice in december. paris है never rainy during february , but it है warm in june. the united states है कभी-कभी busy during february , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in summer. नई जर्सी है never beautiful during january , but it है never freezing in fall. they dislike lemons , peaches , and oranges. france है usually mild during spring , but it है snowy in may. their least liked fruit है the lemon , but his least liked है the lime. my favorite fruit है the banana , but her favorite है the mango. china है कभी-कभी hot during june , and it है कभी-कभी warm in december. china है busy during november , and it है कभी-कभी mild in february. india है busy during february , but it है usually rainy in august. my most feared animal है this snake. india है usually hot during september , and it है wonderful in december. the united states है mild during november , but it है never wet in winter. he disliked that rusty black car. he drove the shiny blue truck. the orange है her least liked fruit , but the pear है my least liked. he dislikes bananas , grapes , and pears. her least liked fruit है the peach , but our least liked है the banana. he was driving that big blue automobile. india है wonderful during march , and it है chilly in april. the strawberry है my least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है their least liked. she plans to visit france in march. he likes limes , grapes , and apples. the united states है never chilly during july , and it है कभी-कभी wet in winter. the grapefruit है your most loved fruit , but the orange है her most loved. the united states है usually hot during may , but it है usually शांत in winter. she likes peaches , limes , and apples. the united states है never freezing during august , and it है never nice in january. my least favorite fruit है the grape , but their least favorite है the pear. the united states है pleasant during june , but it है usually warm in september. he dislikes apples , lemons , and strawberries. california है कभी-कभी wonderful during september , but it है beautiful in july. you dislike grapefruit and bananas. नई जर्सी है mild during spring , but it है freezing in summer. how was the weather in france last october ? california है nice during february , and it है usually rainy in september. france है never beautiful during september , but it है never rainy in june. the united states है never relaxing during november , and it है freezing in june. california है freezing during winter , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in july. his favorite fruit है the mango , but our favorite है the strawberry. नई जर्सी है never relaxing during november , and it है pleasant in spring. paris है usually pleasant during winter , but it है never शांत in september. your favorite fruit है the lemon , but my favorite है the grapefruit. china है cold during july , and it है usually warm in june. i like pears , oranges , and grapes. the united states है wet during october , but it है never chilly in december. they dislike mangoes , oranges , and apples. her most loved fruit है the lemon , but your most loved है the pear. france है chilly during january , but it है rainy in september. his least liked fruit है the apple , but my least liked है the grapefruit. india है snowy during winter , and it है never nice in spring. china है usually dry during december , and it है कभी-कभी nice in april. the lime है her least liked fruit , but the strawberry है their least liked. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी warm during winter , and it है never snowy in september. india है कभी-कभी relaxing during november , but it है warm in october. she dislikes bananas , strawberries , and grapefruit. they like grapefruit , bananas , and grapes. france है never busy during may , and it है never freezing in february. you dislike mangoes , oranges , and grapes. paris है never cold during september , and it है never pleasant in february. paris है कभी-कभी dry during april , but it है never snowy in summer. she likes limes and grapefruit. paris है कभी-कभी wet during january , but it है never relaxing in fall. france है usually busy during fall , and it है never wet in january. the grape है his favorite fruit , but the mango है my favorite. नई जर्सी है usually snowy during april , but it है usually chilly in september. her most loved fruit है the banana , but your most loved है the mango. would she like to go the united states ? the grapefruit है your most loved fruit , but the pear है his most loved. he dislikes bananas , oranges , and grapes. you dislike apples , bananas , and lemons. india है usually hot during autumn , and it है usually dry in march. he dislikes grapes , limes , and bananas. paris है usually cold during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in february. india है wet during may , but it है usually wonderful in september. they like peaches , bananas , and grapes. china है usually warm during june , and it है never nice in july. china है beautiful during october , and it है never relaxing in december. the orange है his favorite fruit , but the grape है my favorite. california है कभी-कभी nice during september , and it है never beautiful in may. his least favorite fruit है the orange , but our least favorite है the banana. that lion है his most feared animal. california है dry during winter , but it है usually cold in april. california है chilly during fall , and it है never cold in september. india है hot during august , and it है usually mild in july. california है usually mild during july , and it है cold in august. california है nice during august , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in fall. my most feared animal was that bird. नई जर्सी है never chilly during december , and it है कभी-कभी warm in september. my favorite fruit है the pear , but your favorite है the lemon. he dislikes peaches , lemons , and oranges. we plan to visit paris next spring. he dislikes apples , bananas , and grapefruit. the lemon है our least favorite fruit , but the banana है their least favorite. their most loved fruit है the peach , but our most loved है the orange. france है कभी-कभी freezing during may , but it है usually rainy in july. she thinks it's difficult to translate french to portuguese. she dislikes grapefruit , grapes , and peaches. नई जर्सी है chilly during july , and it है कभी-कभी wet in summer. her most loved fruit है the apple , but our most loved है the lime. paris है usually mild during fall , and it है snowy in winter. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी nice during october , and it है wonderful in july. france है beautiful during july , and it है usually chilly in november. your favorite fruit है the pear , but his favorite है the banana. our least liked fruit है the strawberry , but her least liked है the mango. california है warm during march , but it है never hot in september. her favorite fruit है the lemon , but your favorite है the orange. नई जर्सी है usually शांत during july , and it है cold in may. she wanted to go to china last january. he likes grapefruit , lemons , and strawberries. california है dry during may , and it है usually hot in summer. our most loved fruit है the pear , but his most loved है the peach. she dislikes lemons , pears , and apples. india है usually snowy during july , but it है never wonderful in spring. where है the eiffel tower ? the united states है कभी-कभी relaxing during august , and it है freezing in november. our least liked fruit है the banana , but my least liked है the strawberry. california है usually rainy during october , and it है cold in august. paris है never pleasant during winter , but it है usually nice in autumn. our most loved fruit है the banana , but his most loved है the lemon. paris है never freezing during april , and it है never rainy in september. your most loved fruit है the banana , but my most loved है the orange. नई जर्सी है never wonderful during may , but it है never snowy in october. paris है wonderful during december , but it है usually cold in may. india है never beautiful during spring , and it है wonderful in january. the apple है my favorite fruit , but the lime है her favorite. india है usually pleasant during march , and it है कभी-कभी cold in spring. paris है never pleasant during winter , and it है usually dry in november. your most loved fruit है the apple , but their most loved है the strawberry. he dislikes the big red car. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी pleasant during may , but it है never beautiful in february. china है never relaxing during december , but it है usually cold in march. paris है usually wonderful during january , but it है never mild in spring. the united states है warm during february , and it है never rainy in winter. the lemon है his least liked fruit , but the mango है my least liked. she likes lemons , limes , and oranges. france है कभी-कभी dry during spring , and it है usually warm in august. horses were his most feared animals. china है कभी-कभी hot during december , and it है nice in february. नई जर्सी है never freezing during fall , and it है कभी-कभी busy in spring. the apple है her least liked fruit , but the pear है our least liked. india है never busy during summer , and it है usually wet in september. china है wonderful during july , but it है never chilly in december. india है usually rainy during february , and it है usually warm in january. the united states है usually busy during fall , and it है beautiful in july. the united states है wonderful during summer , but it है never chilly in july. we dislike bananas , grapefruit , and grapes. china है शांत during autumn , but it है never chilly in november. she likes grapes , oranges , and peaches. france है कभी-कभी wonderful during september , and it है never hot in april. india है usually freezing during october , and it है relaxing in september. he dislikes the rusty green automobile. china है कभी-कभी snowy during october , and it है wet in november. the united states है freezing during december , but it है hot in autumn. नई जर्सी है never freezing during december , and it है never hot in april. the united states है never dry during summer , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in october. he dislikes peaches , pears , and strawberries. his least favorite fruit है the apple , but our least favorite है the mango. your least favorite fruit है the orange , but their least favorite है the banana. my least liked fruit है the peach , but her least liked है the lime. the united states है chilly during february , and it है कभी-कभी nice in november. the grapefruit है her most loved fruit , but the apple है our most loved. the united states है usually nice during autumn , but it है never hot in october. i like mangoes , peaches , and apples. paris है usually relaxing during spring , and it है usually freezing in may. he dislikes oranges , grapes , and grapefruit. india है never chilly during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी mild in summer. she likes strawberries , bananas , and limes. their least liked fruit है the apple. california है never dry during january , but it है chilly in fall. she likes lemons , bananas , and limes. the apple है his least liked fruit , but the pear है their least liked. paris है कभी-कभी chilly during spring , and it है usually wet in october. california है hot during march , but it है usually nice in fall. he dislikes oranges , mangoes , and limes. he है driving the old yellow truck. california है कभी-कभी hot during may , but it है wet in december. the mango है her least liked fruit , but the banana है their least liked. the peach है her favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है my favorite. india है usually relaxing during february , and it है कभी-कभी dry in autumn. france है never busy during april , and it है never शांत in june. i dislike oranges , strawberries , and grapes. he likes bananas , lemons , and mangoes. china है कभी-कभी warm during december , but it है usually wet in january. california है कभी-कभी wet during autumn , but it है usually dry in spring. नई जर्सी है usually warm during may , and it है कभी-कभी busy in september. the united states है कभी-कभी cold during autumn , but it है never rainy in spring. the united states है कभी-कभी chilly during june , and it है कभी-कभी cold in january. नई जर्सी है usually hot during march , and it है never wet in september. she dislikes grapes , bananas , and strawberries. my favorite fruit है the lime , but her favorite है the orange. the pear है my most loved fruit , but the apple है your most loved. california है wet during fall , but it है usually शांत in november. her least favorite fruit है the banana , but our least favorite है the apple. france है कभी-कभी chilly during february , but it है usually mild in fall. paris है कभी-कभी cold during february , but it है wonderful in autumn. she likes oranges , apples , and mangoes. how was your visit to china last may ? the banana है your most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है my most loved. india है कभी-कभी warm during august , but it है rainy in january. she likes apples , bananas , and mangoes. my most loved fruit है the banana , but her most loved है the pear. he dislikes strawberries and peaches. he likes a old black car. नई जर्सी है never busy during winter , and it है never relaxing in spring. your most loved fruit है the grape , but our most loved है the peach. china है never wonderful during july , but it है usually cold in june. he was driving the shiny yellow truck. the united states है mild during march , and it है कभी-कभी busy in november. the united states है never mild during september , but it है never chilly in summer. china है never beautiful during december , but it है never pleasant in september. india है कभी-कभी mild during december , but it है usually wonderful in september. he was driving that rusty yellow car. she dislikes pears and bananas. the united states है कभी-कभी freezing during summer , and it है never mild in march. this monkey was his favorite animal. he wanted to go to paris last autumn. his least liked fruit है the peach , but her least liked है the mango. china है कभी-कभी pleasant during august , but it है usually nice in january. their favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but my favorite है the peach. france है कभी-कभी freezing during march , but it है usually nice in september. china है hot during autumn , and it है never snowy in summer. his least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but our least liked है the grape. my least favorite fruit है the lime , but his least favorite है the grapefruit. california है usually cold during october , and it है usually hot in autumn. the united states है never nice during spring , and it है usually warm in summer. नई जर्सी है never nice during spring , and it है never cold in september. you like oranges , peaches , and strawberries. her least favorite fruit है the lemon , but our least favorite है the orange. paris है usually hot during june , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in december. when did they going to california ? paris है never mild during autumn , and it है wonderful in spring. the banana है my favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है our favorite. france है कभी-कभी busy during autumn , and it है chilly in fall. the grape है their most loved fruit , but the pear है your most loved. they like peaches and grapes. india है pleasant during april , and it है usually relaxing in july. france है usually beautiful during november , and it है never cold in fall. the elephant है his most feared animal. france है usually hot during april , but it है never chilly in winter. he dislikes the shiny blue car. the united states है usually dry during january , and it है rainy in march. china है rainy during spring , and it है relaxing in october. india है कभी-कभी wet during spring , but it है never cold in september. he likes lemons , strawberries , and bananas. his least favorite fruit है the orange , but their least favorite है the lemon. your least liked fruit है the lemon , but our least liked है the apple. france है never relaxing during november , but it है usually nice in autumn. paris है never chilly during october , and it है usually dry in autumn. he dislikes bananas , oranges , and pears. he likes oranges , grapes , and strawberries. the united states है usually relaxing during september , and it है never hot in january. india है rainy during spring , and it है never nice in may. the banana है my least favorite fruit , but the pear है our least favorite. the united states है snowy during january , and it है never nice in december. india है कभी-कभी freezing during summer , but it है कभी-कभी nice in september. the peach है his least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है my least liked. france है dry during november , and it है never pleasant in april. france है snowy during winter , but it है usually nice in may. we like grapes , grapefruit , and bananas. she है driving that old black truck. नई जर्सी है cold during autumn , but it है warm in december. they like strawberries , grapes , and grapefruit. नई जर्सी है never busy during december , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in july. she likes apples , mangoes , and lemons. france है never pleasant during summer , and it है never wonderful in august. california है mild during april , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in fall. france है usually busy during january , and it है never warm in june. we dislike peaches , oranges , and bananas. california है कभी-कभी freezing during august , but it है कभी-कभी busy in autumn. your most loved fruit है the peach , but her most loved है the strawberry. california है dry during august , and it है rainy in december. you like lemons , limes , and grapes. he likes peaches and bananas. they like grapes and limes. the grape है his favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है her favorite. california है cold during may , but it है never pleasant in december. we dislike limes and apples. the united states है usually beautiful during august , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in may. china है कभी-कभी busy during june , but it है never relaxing in january. china है wonderful during october , and it है usually chilly in august. why aren't we going to california ? we like grapes , apples , and lemons. the grape है my least liked fruit , but the mango है our least liked. नई जर्सी है wet during january , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in may. india है never dry during august , and it है कभी-कभी hot in january. he dislikes oranges , strawberries , and peaches. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during winter , and it है usually hot in july. the united states है wonderful during august , and it है usually mild in fall. your least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but their least favorite है the apple. france है usually शांत during may , and it है wonderful in june. california है usually busy during november , but it है freezing in february. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wet during october , and it है usually rainy in spring. they like grapefruit , strawberries , and apples. india है cold during autumn , but it है usually nice in july. he liked a old red automobile. we dislike apples , mangoes , and grapes. california है never snowy during autumn , and it है usually wet in december. his least favorite fruit है the pear , but her least favorite है the apple. she dislikes grapes , peaches , and bananas. paris है beautiful during june , and it है कभी-कभी hot in july. india है never freezing during autumn , but it है mild in april. he है driving a old green automobile. the strawberry है your least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है their least liked. her favorite fruit है the peach , but my favorite है the lime. the united states है usually wonderful during march , but it है never cold in summer. india है cold during summer , and it है never chilly in february. california है कभी-कभी pleasant during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in may. they dislike bananas , pears , and strawberries. the united states है never hot during fall , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in winter. नई जर्सी है usually wonderful during autumn , but it है pleasant in october. paris है usually wonderful during spring , and it है never शांत in july. china है usually nice during autumn , but it है rainy in february. she was driving the shiny blue truck. their favorite fruit है the orange , but your favorite है the lemon. china है beautiful during march , and it है usually dry in november. india है कभी-कभी wet during october , but it है usually nice in january. paris है wonderful during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी mild in may. he dislikes bananas , mangoes , and peaches. the united states है usually dry during december , but it है cold in september. you dislike grapefruit , mangoes , and peaches. india है usually nice during march , and it है शांत in july. the grapefruit है her least favorite fruit , but the grape है my least favorite. china है wet during summer , and it है never warm in august. india है usually शांत during april , and it है कभी-कभी warm in september. france है usually wonderful during january , and it है usually cold in april. his least favorite fruit है the lemon , but your least favorite है the orange. france है never rainy during spring , but it है never relaxing in winter. our most loved fruit है the peach , but my most loved है the grapefruit. india है कभी-कभी relaxing during july , and it है never cold in october. she likes limes , bananas , and lemons. our most loved fruit है the peach , but your most loved है the lime. the lemon है your favorite fruit , but the orange है my favorite. we dislike apples , mangoes , and lemons. california है usually wet during february , and it है snowy in april. your favorite fruit है the mango , but my favorite है the lemon. france है never wonderful during may , but it है usually beautiful in spring. the united states है शांत during november , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in summer. china है never freezing during september , and it है usually mild in autumn. paris है कभी-कभी snowy during may , and it है hot in december. her most loved fruit है the apple , but your most loved है the banana. he है going to india next september. you dislike grapefruit , limes , and oranges. paris है कभी-कभी wonderful during august , but it है usually nice in april. our favorite fruit है the apple , but my favorite है the strawberry. they dislike peaches and pears. paris है शांत during july , but it है warm in fall. the united states है never शांत during summer , but it है nice in may. the apple है his favorite fruit , but the grape है my favorite. he drove the नई yellow truck. you dislike grapefruit , apples , and bananas. the apple है his least liked fruit , but the banana है my least liked. their least liked fruit है the lime , but your least liked है the pear. he dislikes lemons , grapefruit , and peaches. your least favorite fruit है the mango , but my least favorite है the orange. she thinks it's difficult to translate chinese to spanish. france है कभी-कभी wet during fall , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in february. china है कभी-कभी hot during april , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in winter. we dislike grapefruit and strawberries. california है कभी-कभी beautiful during july , and it है never warm in august. california है usually wet during april , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in fall. california है usually warm during summer , but it है usually chilly in fall. the mango है her least favorite fruit , but the grape है your least favorite. china है कभी-कभी pleasant during june , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in autumn. he dislikes oranges , lemons , and pears. france है usually wet during november , but it है rainy in spring. she likes grapes , apples , and grapefruit. you like apples , mangoes , and pears. the united states है usually chilly during summer , and it है never hot in winter. california है never snowy during may , but it है never rainy in june. paris है कभी-कभी mild during september , and it है cold in march. the mango है their most loved fruit , but the peach है his most loved. paris है कभी-कभी wonderful during july , but it है never शांत in january. paris है never chilly during november , but it है usually freezing in september. india है never snowy during september , and it है busy in summer. she dislikes mangoes , grapes , and lemons. india है usually wonderful during may , but it है dry in december. france है rainy during june , and it है usually hot in summer. the apple है her least liked fruit , but the peach है their least liked. नई जर्सी है cold during september , but it है snowy in may. they dislike strawberries , oranges , and bananas. the united states है usually शांत during december , but it है usually dry in summer. california है कभी-कभी busy during fall , and it है relaxing in july. paris है कभी-कभी dry during august , and it है usually wet in july. he likes oranges , bananas , and limes. china है कभी-कभी pleasant during may , and it है कभी-कभी dry in fall. the strawberry है our least favorite fruit , but the lemon है their least favorite. your least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but their least liked है the mango. california है कभी-कभी chilly during february , but it है usually dry in december. the peach है her least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है our least favorite. paris है never cold during summer , and it है rainy in november. he wants to go to the united states next june. the united states है never relaxing during december , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in august. india है usually शांत during november , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in march. her least favorite fruit है the banana , but our least favorite है the strawberry. china है कभी-कभी rainy during september , and it है freezing in june. china है कभी-कभी hot during october , and it है usually mild in february. india है never snowy during july , and it है usually dry in june. they might go to paris next december. france है कभी-कभी warm during february , but it है कभी-कभी dry in july. he dislikes a big red automobile. she wants to go to china next may. their most loved fruit है the strawberry , but my most loved है the peach. india है usually wonderful during march , and it है chilly in september. china है never rainy during september , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in october. the peach है her least liked fruit , but the mango है my least liked. india है never wet during summer , but it है rainy in spring. नई जर्सी है beautiful during january , and it है never cold in december. california है कभी-कभी pleasant during february , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in autumn. he went to california last september. india है never warm during march , and it है usually mild in february. their least favorite fruit है the mango , but your least favorite है the strawberry. the peach है your most loved fruit , but the orange है their most loved. your least favorite animal was this snake. france है never chilly during august , and it है कभी-कभी warm in july. i like grapes , peaches , and mangoes. he likes strawberries , grapes , and oranges. नई जर्सी है never relaxing during may , and it है कभी-कभी nice in august. california है शांत during june , and it है never busy in winter. she thinks translating between spanish and chinese है easy. the strawberry है her favorite fruit , but the grape है our favorite. their most loved fruit है the orange , but her most loved है the lemon. the banana है her least favorite fruit , but the lime है our least favorite. china है never chilly during may , but it है कभी-कभी warm in january. the banana है their most loved fruit , but the strawberry है our most loved. china है beautiful during october , but it है busy in fall. paris है never hot during april , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in fall. paris है usually relaxing during april , but it है कभी-कभी dry in january. they went to california last fall. the united states है busy during february , and it है कभी-कभी cold in march. he dislikes apples , mangoes , and bananas. india है never pleasant during march , and it है usually nice in winter. he likes mangoes , apples , and strawberries. the apple है my least favorite fruit , but the grape है our least favorite. india है never शांत during july , but it है rainy in august. france है never chilly during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in march. she likes strawberries , pears , and mangoes. california है never शांत during december , and it है hot in summer. india है usually शांत during summer , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in august. she dislikes mangoes , limes , and peaches. he dislikes limes , grapefruit , and lemons. california है never शांत during january , but it है usually freezing in july. china है usually nice during august , and it है usually hot in november. he dislikes peaches , grapes , and apples. california है usually hot during september , and it है कभी-कभी dry in december. paris है never शांत during january , and it है never relaxing in winter. नई जर्सी है freezing during september , and it है usually pleasant in december. france है usually hot during january , and it है कभी-कभी nice in december. he likes grapes , grapefruit , and bananas. i like oranges , grapes , and apples. france है usually freezing during november , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in spring. their favorite fruit है the strawberry , but my favorite है the apple. france है usually nice during january , and it है never mild in july. china है कभी-कभी cold during april , and it है wet in june. india है rainy during june , and it है beautiful in august. नई जर्सी है usually mild during february , but it है never freezing in may. france है usually relaxing during december , but it है never beautiful in january. the strawberry है our favorite fruit , but the lemon है his favorite. california है usually snowy during december , but it है never warm in may. california है usually busy during september , and it है hot in november. the lemon है your least favorite fruit , but the apple है our least favorite. china है कभी-कभी pleasant during august , and it है never wonderful in fall. the grapefruit है his favorite fruit , but the orange है my favorite. paris है usually relaxing during november , and it है usually beautiful in february. india है usually wonderful during january , but it है usually pleasant in spring. she dislikes lemons , peaches , and mangoes. china है wonderful during fall , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in spring. the apple है her most loved fruit , but the peach है our most loved. he likes peaches , lemons , and apples. china है cold during february , and it है never dry in fall. नई जर्सी है usually snowy during september , and it है usually शांत in june. china है कभी-कभी wonderful during october , and it है never wet in august. china है never शांत during july , and it है never hot in september. the peach है your least liked fruit , but the lemon है his least liked. she likes peaches and apples. the grapefruit है our most loved fruit , but the peach है her most loved. india है कभी-कभी hot during april , and it है usually busy in fall. he dislikes bananas , apples , and peaches. france है कभी-कभी busy during january , and it है cold in december. नई जर्सी है warm during summer , and it है never cold in january. her favorite fruit है the apple , but their favorite है the banana. he dislikes pears , lemons , and grapefruit. she likes grapefruit , oranges , and bananas. he likes lemons , pears , and mangoes. india है never relaxing during june , and it है कभी-कभी busy in september. france है usually chilly during july , and it है never snowy in february. china है कभी-कभी chilly during december , and it है never nice in summer. your least favorite fruit है the peach , but my least favorite है the pear. paris है beautiful during spring , but it है कभी-कभी hot in summer. she saw the rusty yellow truck. the united states है usually snowy during march , and it है pleasant in fall. china है relaxing during may , and it है never cold in november. नई जर्सी है usually relaxing during march , but it है hot in autumn. paris है never mild during winter , and it है chilly in spring. california है busy during fall , but it है usually mild in april. they like grapes , lemons , and grapefruit. नई जर्सी है usually dry during july. paris है never relaxing during february , but it है usually hot in july. india है कभी-कभी wonderful during august , but it है usually chilly in september. china है never nice during february , but it है never busy in october. paris है usually nice during winter , and it है कभी-कभी cold in october. california है कभी-कभी cold during winter , but it है usually mild in autumn. he likes pears and grapefruit. the strawberry है his favorite fruit , but the banana है their favorite. their least favorite fruit है the peach , but our least favorite है the pear. he likes grapes , mangoes , and limes. my most loved animals are snakes. california है usually warm during winter , and it है never nice in august. his least liked fruit है the lemon , but our least liked है the mango. she dislikes peaches , grapes , and grapefruit. he drove a big red truck. the grapefruit है my least liked fruit , but the lemon है our least liked. india है usually cold during march , but it है never wonderful in june. china है कभी-कभी pleasant during winter , and it है never wonderful in july. france है usually warm during september , and it है relaxing in spring. नई जर्सी है never warm during january , and it है never chilly in may. she है driving a old green truck. my favorite fruit है the pear , but our favorite है the mango. the united states है usually freezing during october , but it है शांत in fall. the orange है her favorite fruit , but the strawberry है their favorite. california है कभी-कभी snowy during september , but it है usually pleasant in may. नई जर्सी है never snowy during january , and it है freezing in september. he dislikes apples , strawberries , and lemons. he drove that shiny black truck. the mango है our most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है your most loved. he dislikes a नई red truck. the united states है relaxing during winter , but it है never rainy in fall. india है busy during may , but it है never mild in winter. france है कभी-कभी warm during october , but it है never pleasant in may. california है usually mild during november , but it है freezing in january. do you think translating between english and portuguese है fun ? you dislike pears , peaches , and limes. the lemon है your most loved fruit , but the lime है my most loved. the banana है her least favorite fruit , but the apple है their least favorite. the grape है her favorite fruit , but the lemon है my favorite. she likes lemons , limes , and grapes. you dislike peaches , lemons , and strawberries. he disliked a नई black truck. the united states है never rainy during spring , and it है usually शांत in october. the pear है his least favorite fruit , but the grape है my least favorite. they dislike mangoes , strawberries , and pears. नई जर्सी है usually dry during june , and it है busy in september. france है never beautiful during october , and it है snowy in fall. the pear है his least liked fruit , but the peach है our least liked. the united states है usually nice during august , and it है never freezing in autumn. the united states है never dry during spring , and it है usually beautiful in fall. नई जर्सी है never nice during april , and it है wet in winter. paris है usually rainy during september , but it है usually nice in january. california है nice during august , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in february. the lime है his favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है your favorite. california है कभी-कभी rainy during october , but it है snowy in spring. france है dry during june , but it है never wonderful in autumn. india है never rainy during august , and it है usually pleasant in october. india है usually busy during november , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in fall. your favorite fruit है the pear , but his favorite है the peach. she likes limes , lemons , and strawberries. france है कभी-कभी pleasant during march , and it है usually cold in november. the orange है her least liked fruit , but the pear है his least liked. he dislikes lemons , bananas , and grapes. नई जर्सी है never pleasant during november , but it है dry in autumn. my least favorite fruit है the lime , but her least favorite है the lemon. california है usually beautiful during january , and it है usually hot in summer. she likes that नई green automobile. india है कभी-कभी freezing during november , and it है busy in october. grapefruit are my favorite fruit. they dislike limes , pears , and grapefruit. we dislike apples , mangoes , and grapefruit. he likes peaches , oranges , and pears. our favorite fruit है the lemon , but your favorite है the peach. he saw that shiny blue automobile. our most loved fruit है the apple , but his most loved है the strawberry. paris है dry during november , but it है pleasant in autumn. he likes strawberries , bananas , and mangoes. she dislikes mangoes and grapes. नई जर्सी है शांत during july , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in autumn. california है कभी-कभी chilly during november , but it है never rainy in may. the united states है कभी-कभी mild during april , but it है कभी-कभी warm in march. china है never mild during spring , but it है never pleasant in february. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी snowy during autumn , but it है never chilly in spring. why है he going to paris ? california है usually busy during summer , and it है never warm in august. india है कभी-कभी chilly during january , but it है mild in december. she likes limes , grapes , and grapefruit. your most loved animal was this horse. they dislike apples , grapes , and oranges. their favorite fruit है the lime , but her favorite है the mango. his least liked fruit है the lemon , but your least liked है the banana. he likes apples , bananas , and oranges. she dislikes limes , peaches , and mangoes. california है wet during autumn , but it है freezing in february. india है कभी-कभी cold during november , and it है never wonderful in summer. paris है never mild during may , and it है usually nice in april. china है freezing during february , and it है कभी-कभी cold in june. china है beautiful during january , and it है never busy in may. california है warm during fall , and it है कभी-कभी cold in february. my most feared animal was this bear. she dislikes bananas , peaches , and lemons. france है usually pleasant during winter , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in may. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी beautiful during october , and it है usually busy in spring. your least liked fruit है the pear , but her least liked है the orange. that lion है my least favorite animal. they dislike pears , oranges , and mangoes. paris है busy during autumn , and it है pleasant in march. he likes lemons , bananas , and pears. france है hot during spring , but it है cold in fall. she liked the shiny white car. the peach है your most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है their most loved. she drives a big blue truck. the united states है usually hot during january , but it है कभी-कभी warm in august. she saw a little blue truck. नई जर्सी है usually wonderful during january , but it है mild in april. the united states है never mild during november , and it है usually dry in july. the united states है usually chilly during july , but it है कभी-कभी cold in february. नई जर्सी है usually dry during september , and it है relaxing in summer. he disliked the shiny yellow car. california है usually snowy during autumn , and it है usually cold in april. the united states है कभी-कभी busy during spring , and it है usually dry in november. नई जर्सी है usually beautiful during november , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in october. the lime है your least liked fruit , but the mango है her least liked. their favorite fruit है the mango , but his favorite है the orange. paris है wonderful during november , but it है usually wet in june. he likes peaches , apples , and pears. california है कभी-कभी relaxing during july , but it है mild in fall. california है कभी-कभी warm during february , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in october. they dislike bananas , mangoes , and grapes. strawberries are your least favorite fruit. their most loved fruit है the peach , but your most loved है the pear. the united states है nice during january , and it है usually hot in spring. the grapefruit है our least favorite fruit , but the apple है your least favorite. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी mild during august , and it है कभी-कभी dry in april. paris है never शांत during may , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in april. china है usually busy during summer , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in may. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी snowy during autumn , but it है cold in may. he dislikes strawberries , grapefruit , and peaches. she drives the old red truck. the united states है कभी-कभी busy during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in july. why didn't she go to india ? her favorite animal है the lion. this bear was his most feared animal. you dislike apples , strawberries , and pears. नई जर्सी है never busy during july , but it है usually dry in february. france है usually dry during september , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in august. paris है pleasant during november , but it है nice in may. नई जर्सी है usually rainy during july , and it है usually hot in december. the united states है never warm during autumn , but it है usually wet in november. the strawberry है our least liked fruit , but the banana है their least liked. china है usually cold during october , and it है कभी-कभी dry in july. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी chilly during january , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in march. california है never mild during october , but it है never chilly in spring. the orange है your favorite fruit , but the pear है her favorite. your most loved fruit है the orange. paris है कभी-कभी dry during may , but it है शांत in november. the strawberry है her favorite fruit , but the mango है my favorite. france है कभी-कभी chilly during september , and it है never शांत in april. the united states है usually cold during september , but it है never nice in spring. india है कभी-कभी cold during december , but it है usually nice in january. california है never wet during september , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in summer. he likes bananas and mangoes. the united states है never chilly during autumn , and it है never snowy in december. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी beautiful during january , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in april. paris है never chilly during june , and it है never busy in december. the united states है usually nice during autumn , and it है never शांत in fall. she likes limes , pears , and lemons. california है never wet during june , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in autumn. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during july , but it है usually warm in march. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी pleasant during may , but it है usually snowy in august. he plans to visit france next december. california है usually rainy during february , and it है never beautiful in spring. his least favorite fruit है the lime , but our least favorite है the lemon. our most loved fruit है the lemon , but his most loved है the orange. china है never pleasant during september , and it है कभी-कभी busy in august. the grapefruit है her least favorite fruit , but the lime है your least favorite. india है never cold during november , and it है usually freezing in june. the orange है your least liked fruit , but the pear है her least liked. why are you going to paris ? china है usually hot during may , and it है never dry in june. he drove a little yellow car. my least liked fruit है the orange , but his least liked है the banana. india है hot during december , and it है usually snowy in july. the apple है your least liked fruit , but the peach है his least liked. california है never busy during march , and it है hot in january. my favorite fruit है the apple , but their favorite है the peach. china है never hot during spring , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in september. his favorite fruit है the mango , but her favorite है the grape. china है never relaxing during summer , and it है mild in june. france है usually wet during october , but it है beautiful in november. the united states है never wonderful during winter , but it है never hot in july. the apple है my least favorite fruit , but the pear है your least favorite. नई जर्सी है mild during february , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in december. paris है never warm during fall , and it है usually rainy in october. are they going to the lake ? they like grapes and mangoes. our most loved fruit है the lemon , but your most loved है the banana. she dislikes pears , lemons , and strawberries. नई जर्सी है usually warm during september , and it है usually relaxing in autumn. the united states है कभी-कभी mild during february , but it है कभी-कभी warm in january. france है usually warm during march , and it है usually rainy in july. the strawberry है his least favorite fruit , but the pear है our least favorite. the united states है never relaxing during may , and it है usually warm in spring. california है cold during september , and it है never beautiful in autumn. india है never hot during july , and it है never busy in winter. china है usually hot during fall , and it है chilly in november. he dislikes limes , oranges , and pears. paris है never hot during fall , but it है never mild in january. नई जर्सी है usually wonderful during june , but it है usually rainy in september. california है never wonderful during july , and it है never nice in summer. her most loved animal was that shark. he likes pears , grapefruit , and grapes. my least liked fruit है the mango , but our least liked है the grape. he likes oranges , limes , and apples. my least liked fruit है the strawberry , but their least liked है the pear. they might go to california next november. the united states है warm during october , and it है freezing in november. he likes limes , bananas , and strawberries. they plan to visit नई जर्सी in winter. she dislikes pears , grapefruit , and grapes. california है usually dry during october , but it है कभी-कभी hot in summer. the united states है usually beautiful during fall , but it है शांत in september. he dislikes mangoes , lemons , and oranges. india है usually busy during fall , and it है usually snowy in april. france है usually busy during december , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in january. he dislikes apples , limes , and peaches. नई जर्सी है usually rainy during february , and it है never wet in january. the lemon है their favorite fruit , but the lime है her favorite. the united states है never cold during november , and it है कभी-कभी nice in february. india है never cold during winter , but it है usually busy in spring. नई जर्सी है usually beautiful during winter , but it है never शांत in november. the monkey was my favorite animal. नई जर्सी है usually freezing during february , but it है usually mild in august. california है pleasant during february , and it है relaxing in fall. she plans to visit california next autumn. california है mild during april , but it है कभी-कभी cold in spring. my least favorite animals are lions. paris है dry during november , and it है usually freezing in march. india है कभी-कभी dry during march , and it है usually rainy in autumn. india है never hot during march , and it है usually relaxing in autumn. their most loved fruit है the apple , but his most loved है the lemon. paris है कभी-कभी warm during spring , but it है never freezing in june. the lemon है our least favorite fruit , but the peach है their least favorite. i like grapes , apples , and bananas. dogs were your favorite animals. he dislikes peaches , apples , and bananas. india है dry during april , but it है never hot in november. he likes bananas , pears , and limes. he likes bananas , strawberries , and pears. the united states है never busy during november , but it है pleasant in august. paris है never rainy during august , but it है never snowy in november. china है chilly during february , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in march. france है busy during winter , but it है कभी-कभी warm in january. paris है कभी-कभी rainy during september , and it है usually dry in july. नई जर्सी है never snowy during march , and it है cold in december. my most loved animal है that cat. the united states है relaxing during may , but it है never freezing in january. we like mangoes , strawberries , and lemons. paris है usually शांत during autumn , and it है never beautiful in march. the banana है our favorite fruit , but the grape है her favorite. he likes bananas , pears , and strawberries. our favorite fruit है the strawberry , but my favorite है the apple. paris है freezing during spring , and it है beautiful in may. india है कभी-कभी freezing during january , but it है कभी-कभी hot in autumn. china है chilly during november , and it है snowy in fall. नई जर्सी है usually rainy during september , and it है busy in january. france है usually chilly during march , and it है usually pleasant in july. my most loved fruit है the strawberry , but their most loved है the grapefruit. the united states है usually warm during fall , and it है mild in summer. france है कभी-कभी cold during autumn , but it है never snowy in november. she wanted to go to paris last july. the banana है our least favorite fruit , but the mango है your least favorite. her least favorite animal है this elephant. his most loved animal है this snake. नई जर्सी है hot during june , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in december. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी relaxing during autumn , but it है never शांत in winter. france है usually pleasant during fall , and it है relaxing in november. she dislikes mangoes , lemons , and bananas. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during fall , and it है never busy in december. the lemon है my favorite fruit , but the strawberry है your favorite. france है usually relaxing during winter , but it है कभी-कभी wet in december. the united states है usually freezing during september , and it है कभी-कभी hot in autumn. the grape है our least liked fruit , but the pear है her least liked. paris है usually busy during fall , but it है never relaxing in november. the apple है their favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है his favorite. china है कभी-कभी snowy during july , but it है never nice in september. नई जर्सी है usually mild during april , but it है dry in fall. the united states है never busy during spring , but it है never dry in october. france है rainy during august , but it है wet in june. they dislike strawberries , grapefruit , and pears. translating between french and spanish है fun. france है hot during july , and it है usually mild in autumn. he likes pears , peaches , and apples. she dislikes grapefruit , grapes , and lemons. your most loved fruit है the orange , but her most loved है the apple. i dislike limes , mangoes , and grapes. नई जर्सी है never wet during spring , and it है कभी-कभी mild in winter. she likes strawberries , pears , and bananas. he dislikes lemons , grapefruit , and limes. france है never snowy during october , and it है never nice in autumn. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during august , but it है never dry in april. the united states है usually rainy during november , but it है dry in spring. paris है dry during fall , but it है nice in october. we dislike bananas , mangoes , and strawberries. the united states है never wonderful during february , but it है कभी-कभी warm in autumn. california है wet during january , but it है relaxing in summer. china है never chilly during february , but it है never wonderful in autumn. india है cold during december , and it है chilly in july. नई जर्सी है usually rainy during july , and it है never warm in fall. she likes bananas , grapefruit , and limes. you dislike grapefruit , oranges , and apples. you dislike grapes , mangoes , and oranges. their least favorite fruit है the lemon , but our least favorite है the grapefruit. our most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but her most loved है the pear. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी mild during may , and it है relaxing in winter. you like apples and oranges. california है never pleasant during may , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in october. we dislike grapes , pears , and bananas. india है usually mild during autumn , but it है chilly in september. he likes bananas , pears , and peaches. france है usually freezing during august , and it है शांत in autumn. your least liked fruit है the pear , but her least liked है the peach. her favorite fruit है the orange , but his favorite है the pear. india है usually hot during spring , and it है usually warm in april. when did he go to नई जर्सी ? my favorite fruit है the peach , but your favorite है the lemon. france है कभी-कभी freezing during january , and it है relaxing in april. the united states है rainy during july , but it है कभी-कभी busy in summer. paris है कभी-कभी शांत during july , and it है usually freezing in autumn. california है cold during november , but it है usually beautiful in february. नई जर्सी है rainy during autumn , and it है freezing in spring. the lemon है our least favorite fruit , but the banana है his least favorite. california है nice during may , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in february. india है never busy during april , and it है usually beautiful in spring. he dislikes oranges , lemons , and peaches. नई जर्सी है wonderful during spring , and it है dry in august. china है never chilly during october , but it है freezing in march. he dislikes oranges , apples , and lemons. नई जर्सी है usually busy during summer , but it है warm in september. he likes pears , lemons , and grapes. the united states है snowy during summer , but it है never chilly in november. france है कभी-कभी beautiful during october , but it है never dry in autumn. your most loved animal है the cat. she dislikes lemons , strawberries , and oranges. the united states है कभी-कभी relaxing during february , but it है कभी-कभी cold in november. she likes apples , limes , and bananas. she likes apples , oranges , and pears. they like apples , strawberries , and mangoes. india है कभी-कभी rainy during may , and it है usually cold in august. paris है never wet during fall , and it है usually wonderful in winter. she dislikes strawberries , limes , and lemons. india है usually pleasant during august , but it है never snowy in january. california है usually cold during october , but it है शांत in summer. नई जर्सी है usually pleasant during september , and it है snowy in march. the united states है usually शांत during july , but it है warm in april. she dislikes bananas , pears , and oranges. our favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but their favorite है the strawberry. the united states है usually chilly during september , and it है never pleasant in august. she wants to go to the united states next february. california है usually snowy during september , and it है never chilly in winter. the orange है his least liked fruit , but the apple है her least liked. नई जर्सी है never शांत during july , and it है usually snowy in september. california है hot during june , but it है usually freezing in january. california है usually busy during winter , but it है usually pleasant in fall. she dislikes bananas , strawberries , and mangoes. france है wet during april , but it है usually शांत in july. the united states है usually dry during january , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in september. the lemon है our favorite fruit , but the lime है her favorite. the pear है her favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है his favorite. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी mild during summer , and it है usually hot in march. france है usually freezing during june , and it है relaxing in march. india है dry during october , but it है usually wet in june. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during september , but it है relaxing in autumn. france है hot during fall , but it है freezing in september. india है usually beautiful during autumn , but it है never busy in january. india है pleasant during april , but it है never hot in august. the united states है usually freezing during november , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in september. your least favorite fruit है the apple , but our least favorite है the peach. france है mild during fall , but it है usually busy in spring. china है usually nice during fall , but it है never pleasant in spring. he likes oranges , pears , and mangoes. they like pears , limes , and peaches. india है beautiful during november , and it है wonderful in february. they might go to नई जर्सी next winter. we dislike pears and limes. india है dry during december , and it है usually cold in winter. she was driving a shiny blue automobile. france है usually pleasant during june , but it है wet in november. france है usually pleasant during january , but it है never freezing in october. he likes grapes , grapefruit , and bananas. नई जर्सी है never hot during july , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in summer. have you been to the united states ? california है nice during autumn , but it है never शांत in march. india है beautiful during september , and it है शांत in april. नई जर्सी है never snowy during august , and it है nice in february. california है usually relaxing during summer , but it है कभी-कभी warm in september. india है usually relaxing during october , and it है snowy in march. the orange है your least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है my least liked. china है usually chilly during summer , and it है कभी-कभी wet in november. our least favorite fruit है the mango , but your least favorite है the grape. his favorite animal है that monkey. california है never warm during august , and it है never wonderful in march. they like lemons , apples , and mangoes. china है wonderful during july , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in november. नई जर्सी है snowy during march , but it है usually freezing in spring. france है कभी-कभी chilly during spring , and it है कभी-कभी warm in march. california है never wet during october , but it है कभी-कभी warm in autumn. his favorite fruit है the orange , but their favorite है the apple. his favorite fruit है the lemon , but her favorite है the banana. he dislikes grapefruit , grapes , and oranges. the mango है your most loved fruit , but the banana है their most loved. you dislike grapefruit , lemons , and limes. france है busy during november , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in may. the orange है our least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है their least liked. france है wonderful during september , and it है usually rainy in november. china है कभी-कभी dry during june , but it है usually snowy in november. china है never freezing during october , and it है never busy in july. you dislike strawberries , bananas , and grapefruit. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी relaxing during december , but it है never warm in summer. france है usually mild during february , and it है never chilly in may. their least favorite fruit है the banana , but my least favorite है the orange. नई जर्सी है rainy during february , but it है usually wonderful in april. the united states है never wet during march , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in spring. he likes peaches , limes , and lemons. their least liked fruit है the banana , but your least liked है the apple. china है relaxing during april , but it है usually chilly in october. strawberries are your favorite fruit. china है never wonderful during march , and it है never dry in september. india है rainy during july , but it है usually hot in june. france है freezing during january , but it है never busy in november. we plan to visit france in summer. his least favorite fruit है the lime , but my least favorite है the peach. her least favorite fruit है the banana , but his least favorite है the lime. she likes grapefruit , limes , and bananas. she drives the rusty blue truck. we plan to visit france next may. france है nice during summer , and it है कभी-कभी mild in january. india है usually beautiful during september , but it है usually freezing in august. india है usually wonderful during september , and it है usually snowy in november. the strawberry है your favorite fruit , but the apple है her favorite. नई जर्सी है never freezing during january , but it है usually dry in october. china है busy during summer , but it है usually pleasant in november. india है कभी-कभी cold during april , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in october. the lemon है your most loved fruit , but the strawberry है my most loved. she dislikes apples , mangoes , and limes. he was driving a rusty white automobile. china है कभी-कभी wonderful during may , but it है busy in autumn. france है never snowy during summer , but it है pleasant in july. she likes peaches , apples , and grapes. india है chilly during fall , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in june. the mango है my least favorite fruit , but the pear है their least favorite. your least favorite fruit है the lime. china है शांत during september , but it है chilly in october. i dislike grapefruit , peaches , and lemons. california है कभी-कभी warm during september , and it है never hot in february. नई जर्सी है usually mild during july , but it है usually शांत in november. paris है wet during february , but it है शांत in november. california है cold during february , and it है usually freezing in november. california है wonderful during november , but it है usually freezing in september. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during winter , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in july. he dislikes grapefruit , limes , and strawberries. my least favorite fruit है the mango , but your least favorite है the orange. the strawberry है his most loved fruit , but the lime है our most loved. नई जर्सी है cold during october , but it है usually pleasant in february. नई जर्सी है never chilly during december , but it है usually mild in summer. india है कभी-कभी mild during april , and it है usually pleasant in summer. her most feared animal was this elephant. he है driving the big blue truck. नई जर्सी है never wonderful during july , and it है usually hot in summer. the orange है her least favorite fruit , but the pear है their least favorite. the pear है her most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है your most loved. paris है never dry during august , and it है relaxing in february. the united states है usually wet during january , and it है never dry in november. california है never warm during winter , and it है never freezing in july. france है कभी-कभी pleasant during spring , but it है कभी-कभी dry in july. california है usually pleasant during december , and it है nice in may. france है never dry during fall , and it है wet in winter. the grapefruit है his most loved fruit , but the orange है her most loved. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी mild during may , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in spring. i like grapes , oranges , and grapefruit. नई जर्सी है never wet during february , but it है never wonderful in october. he dislikes mangoes , strawberries , and apples. she likes grapes and peaches. china है never dry during december , and it है never warm in october. we plan to visit india next august. you dislike limes , apples , and pears. california है usually warm during winter , and it है never snowy in october. नई जर्सी है never freezing during january , but it है never relaxing in august. california है never pleasant during august , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in summer. नई जर्सी है never mild during may , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in spring. your least favorite fruit है the mango , but my least favorite है the lime. paris है कभी-कभी warm during august , but it है कभी-कभी mild in summer. india है usually nice during may , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in january. china है never nice during spring , but it है usually शांत in january. her most loved fruit है the grape , but my most loved है the orange. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during october , but it है never warm in november. she thinks it है easy to translate between french and spanish. the apple है her least favorite fruit , but the lemon है their least favorite. she dislikes peaches , limes , and mangoes. my favorite fruit है the pear , but their favorite है the peach. she likes strawberries , lemons , and pears. india है snowy during april , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in july. he was driving a shiny white car. the united states है usually nice during august , but it है कभी-कभी busy in july. the strawberry है your favorite fruit , but the pear है our favorite. paris है usually busy during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in august. china है usually chilly during december , and it है usually freezing in march. the mango है her most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है their most loved. the grapefruit है our least favorite fruit , but the orange है his least favorite. india है never nice during fall , but it है कभी-कभी warm in october. the united states है usually hot during december , but it है never mild in may. your favorite fruit है the grape , but their favorite है the banana. france है never beautiful during august , and it है usually chilly in autumn. she dislikes bananas , oranges , and strawberries. the grape है our most loved fruit , but the apple है your most loved. france है warm during july , but it है nice in winter. our least liked fruit है the banana , but your least liked है the pear. she है driving a little red car. china है never cold during september , and it है usually शांत in october. india है warm during fall , and it है hot in february. my favorite fruit है the strawberry , but your favorite है the peach. india है never nice during february , and it है usually snowy in april. her least liked fruit है the banana , but your least liked है the lemon. she dislikes limes , lemons , and pears. he likes grapefruit , lemons , and mangoes. india है कभी-कभी beautiful during june , but it है कभी-कभी hot in march. she dislikes oranges. they dislike pears , bananas , and apples. i like bananas , grapes , and oranges. the grapefruit है your most loved fruit , but the pear है their most loved. she disliked that shiny white truck. our least favorite fruit है the lemon , but her least favorite है the pear. paris है usually warm during december , and it है usually wonderful in may. she disliked a big yellow automobile. the lime है her favorite fruit , but the lemon है my favorite. the lemon है his favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है my favorite. you dislike limes , lemons , and bananas. california है कभी-कभी warm during march , and it है usually wet in summer. they might go to california next january. their least liked fruit है the strawberry , but our least liked है the grapefruit. our favorite fruit है the peach , but his favorite है the apple. we plan to visit china in spring. paris है pleasant during march , and it है snowy in summer. the banana है my favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है their favorite. my least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but his least favorite है the pear. france है rainy during january , but it है never wet in spring. india है usually beautiful during february , but it है usually dry in april. he dislikes oranges , apples , and strawberries. his most loved animals are monkeys. she was driving that rusty green automobile. the banana है their favorite fruit , but the pear है his favorite. paris है never wonderful during june , and it है beautiful in august. she likes mangoes , pears , and oranges. he likes that little white automobile. france है usually wet during october , and it है dry in summer. paris है usually dry during september , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in winter. the grapefruit है my least favorite fruit , but the grape है our least favorite. i think it है difficult to translate between spanish and english. france है usually chilly during december , and it है never wet in march. has she been to the school ? they might go to paris next fall. the lemon है my favorite fruit , but the mango है his favorite. the united states है relaxing during summer , but it है usually chilly in fall. they like grapes , pears , and bananas. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी snowy during fall , but it है usually mild in autumn. china है कभी-कभी busy during november , and it है usually nice in july. california है snowy during october , and it है कभी-कभी nice in march. our least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but her least favorite है the banana. they like grapes , strawberries , and oranges. paris है never warm during august , and it है usually dry in december. नई जर्सी है never busy during march , but it है never beautiful in november. नई जर्सी है usually dry during november , and it है कभी-कभी hot in june. france है usually rainy during winter , and it है शांत in april. california है mild during november , but it है usually wonderful in may. the united states है chilly during may , and it है never dry in january. paris है never busy during winter , but it है usually warm in july. नई जर्सी है usually nice during september , but it है cold in june. paris है never snowy during fall , and it है beautiful in autumn. china है कभी-कभी freezing during spring , but it है कभी-कभी wet in winter. he dislikes grapefruit , mangoes , and grapes. the peach है her most loved fruit , but the orange है my most loved. india है never freezing during winter , but it है कभी-कभी nice in may. china है never chilly during january , but it है usually nice in winter. she thinks translating between portuguese and french है easy. paris है कभी-कभी busy during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in spring. we dislike pears , apples , and grapes. she likes limes , mangoes , and peaches. she dislikes mangoes , peaches , and grapes. the united states है never wonderful during june , but it है busy in summer. california है never mild during autumn , and it है usually rainy in february. paris है never wonderful during fall , and it है wet in may. they went to france. paris है शांत during july , and it है कभी-कभी dry in spring. our least liked fruit है the pear , but their least liked है the strawberry. india है usually wet during september , and it है कभी-कभी nice in april. he likes strawberries , grapefruit , and lemons. california है कभी-कभी snowy during april , and it है dry in winter. paris है relaxing during fall , but it है never शांत in january. you dislike grapefruit , peaches , and lemons. the grape है my least favorite fruit , but the lemon है his least favorite. france है rainy during july , and it है never chilly in autumn. you like oranges , pears , and bananas. california है usually beautiful during december , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in winter. india है usually cold during autumn , but it है usually wet in april. china है never nice during june , and it है usually hot in summer. the banana है your least liked fruit , but the peach है my least liked. california है wet during august , and it है never mild in spring. we dislike grapes , strawberries , and lemons. my least liked fruit है the strawberry , but our least liked है the peach. he saw the shiny white car. नई जर्सी है usually mild during june , but it है usually beautiful in fall. the shark was your favorite animal. she dislikes oranges , lemons , and apples. the grape है his least liked fruit , but the pear है our least liked. their most loved fruit है the strawberry , but our most loved है the apple. the orange है our least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है their least favorite. they like bananas , peaches , and strawberries. china है कभी-कभी mild during summer , but it है never beautiful in september. नई जर्सी है usually wonderful during march , but it है never freezing in august. india है कभी-कभी wet during november , but it है never dry in may. she likes lemons , grapes , and strawberries. paris है never pleasant during march , but it है rainy in october. her most loved fruit है the orange , but our most loved है the lemon. paris है never शांत during december , and it है never snowy in september. you like grapefruit , pears , and bananas. china है कभी-कभी warm during spring , and it है never nice in april. the united states है wonderful during spring , but it है usually hot in winter. india है usually nice during spring , but it है शांत in january. paris है usually cold during october , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in autumn. their least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but your least liked है the peach. france है कभी-कभी hot during december , but it है usually pleasant in spring. they like grapes , peaches , and bananas. the united states है usually pleasant during autumn , but it है usually beautiful in fall. he dislikes strawberries , apples , and bananas. the lime है our least liked fruit , but the lemon है his least liked. our most loved fruit है the orange , but his most loved है the lemon. नई जर्सी है usually rainy during november , but it है कभी-कभी hot in summer. the mango है my most loved fruit , but the peach है our most loved. china है hot during october , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in july. they dislike peaches , strawberries , and oranges. your least liked fruit है the orange. he thinks it है easy to translate between french and spanish. china है never warm during july , but it है usually hot in february. india है कभी-कभी snowy during february , and it है never nice in autumn. her least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but his least favorite है the strawberry. california है usually freezing during december , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in february. your least liked fruit है the banana , but his least liked है the grapefruit. india है never nice during april , but it है never wonderful in winter. india है usually snowy during june , and it है pleasant in october. the united states है warm during june , but it है usually pleasant in july. your least liked fruit है the banana , but his least liked है the grape. china है never freezing during february , but it है never cold in autumn. the united states है chilly during february , but it है never snowy in spring. the united states है कभी-कभी wonderful during autumn , but it है usually cold in summer. india है कभी-कभी dry during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in august. he dislikes mangoes , oranges , and bananas. he likes limes , apples , and pears. paris है usually शांत during october , and it है never hot in november. china है कभी-कभी pleasant during fall , and it है usually warm in november. you like apples , grapes , and strawberries. we like limes and pears. the grape है her least liked fruit , but the banana है your least liked. our least liked fruit है the strawberry , but her least liked है the lemon. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी mild during october , but it है usually rainy in spring. this shark है my most loved animal. he wants to go to india next autumn. the peach है your most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है his most loved. california है never dry during august , and it है chilly in fall. she likes oranges , grapes , and pears. india है chilly during spring , but it है कभी-कभी nice in september. we plan to visit paris next november. the lime है their least favorite fruit , but the peach है her least favorite. california है usually wet during february , but it है pleasant in august. the united states है never chilly during autumn , but it है never beautiful in june. she drove that नई green truck. she went to नई जर्सी last october. he dislikes lemons , bananas , and pears. the orange है her least liked fruit , but the peach है their least liked. california है usually freezing during december , and it है never pleasant in september. the united states है never warm during fall , and it है beautiful in may. paris है wonderful during april , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in november. india है chilly during june , and it है usually snowy in winter. your favorite fruit है the grape , but my favorite है the lime. china है never snowy during september , and it है कभी-कभी mild in may. her most loved fruit है the lime , but your most loved है the orange. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी cold during fall , and it है never wet in january. france है never dry during spring , and it है never snowy in winter. their most loved fruit है the strawberry , but your most loved है the grape. california है usually mild during november , but it है usually dry in may. she dislikes that shiny blue automobile. नई जर्सी है never cold during fall , and it है never nice in october. the lemon है her least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है their least favorite. france है never cold during summer , and it है wonderful in february. china है never warm during january , but it है never nice in fall. paris है usually wet during spring , and it है usually cold in fall. he likes grapefruit , lemons , and oranges. the united states है never relaxing during summer , but it है freezing in december. my most loved fruit है the banana , but our most loved है the lemon. their favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but my favorite है the banana. the united states है wonderful during june , and it है never pleasant in november. paris है कभी-कभी relaxing during november , but it है never snowy in october. the united states है usually busy during summer , and it है never pleasant in september. she likes lemons , strawberries , and bananas. नई जर्सी है never शांत during march , but it है never freezing in december. नई जर्सी है never wonderful during january , and it है usually शांत in august. my least favorite fruit है the banana , but his least favorite है the grapefruit. नई जर्सी है usually freezing during fall , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in may. our favorite fruit है the lemon , but my favorite है the pear. your least liked fruit है the banana , but their least liked है the strawberry. india है never busy during february , and it है relaxing in september. paris है usually busy during february , and it है never cold in may. california है snowy during october , but it है कभी-कभी warm in june. paris है never warm during june , but it है rainy in january. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी chilly during september , and it है beautiful in july. you dislike strawberries , bananas , and grapes. the pear है my most loved fruit , but the lime है her most loved. his most loved animals are mice. her favorite fruit है the banana , but your favorite है the pear. india है usually rainy during october , but it है never pleasant in august. the banana है my favorite fruit , but the lime है his favorite. california है never snowy during summer , and it है usually cold in march. the orange है her least liked fruit , but the lemon है their least liked. paris है कभी-कभी busy during november , but it है usually cold in april. they dislike apples , grapefruit , and peaches. the united states है कभी-कभी busy during october , and it है rainy in spring. india है usually rainy during february , but it है never wonderful in fall. the united states है कभी-कभी beautiful during february , and it है usually mild in spring. we dislike pears , mangoes , and bananas. france है dry during spring , and it है कभी-कभी cold in september. our least liked fruit है the peach , but his least liked है the orange. you like lemons , apples , and oranges. he went to paris. india है कभी-कभी snowy during november , and it है कभी-कभी nice in january. china है never relaxing during december , but it है usually शांत in october. india है usually rainy during may , and it है never hot in fall. he dislikes apples , strawberries , and peaches. california है never warm during fall , and it है usually wet in december. paris है कभी-कभी hot during may , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in summer. नई जर्सी है snowy during september , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in december. he liked that rusty black automobile. the orange है my least favorite fruit , but the pear है your least favorite. france है pleasant during autumn , and it है snowy in winter. i think it है fun to translate between spanish and english. you dislike apples , bananas , and limes. the united states है usually शांत during fall , and it है rainy in october. the united states है कभी-कभी wet during april , but it है chilly in november. the orange है his least liked fruit. they dislike bananas and oranges. he likes apples and strawberries. paris है usually warm during february , and it है dry in may. france है कभी-कभी warm during september , and it है कभी-कभी cold in november. his most loved fruit है the peach , but my most loved है the lemon. they might go to the united states next february. china है never dry during october , and it है usually wonderful in may. his least liked fruit है the lemon , but our least liked है the lime. their most loved fruit है the grape , but her most loved है the banana. his least favorite fruit है the lime , but her least favorite है the banana. california है usually pleasant during april , and it है usually cold in march. india है कभी-कभी freezing during january , but it है usually beautiful in june. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during january , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in spring. india है कभी-कभी beautiful during november , and it है mild in autumn. california है pleasant during december , but it है never beautiful in winter. china है usually wonderful during january , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in autumn. i dislike strawberries , bananas , and peaches. i dislike apples , mangoes , and lemons. his least liked fruit है the banana , but my least liked है the mango. california है never wet during november , but it है warm in fall. your least liked fruit है the lime , but our least liked है the mango. she likes grapes , apples , and peaches. नई जर्सी है mild during june , and it है busy in november. france है never snowy during august , but it है wet in november. the grapefruit है my favorite fruit , but the grape है his favorite. he wants to go to china. china है usually busy during autumn , but it है pleasant in december. she likes a rusty white truck. my favorite animal was this bear. india है mild during february , and it है never beautiful in november. china है कभी-कभी snowy during june , but it है never nice in december. paris है usually chilly during may , but it है never snowy in winter. our least liked fruit है the mango , but his least liked है the lime. paris है usually rainy during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी cold in september. india है usually pleasant during spring , and it है usually chilly in november. he was driving a big white car. france है never nice during winter , and it है never warm in october. france है never chilly during february , but it है never freezing in fall. they dislike limes , grapefruit , and lemons. california है usually rainy during august , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in autumn. india है never nice during may , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in june. the united states है कभी-कभी relaxing during january , and it है wonderful in september. california है कभी-कभी rainy during november , but it है कभी-कभी warm in spring. the united states है busy during april , but it है usually mild in summer. california है कभी-कभी शांत during january , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in april. he dislikes pears and grapes. china है never busy during july , but it है never cold in december. the lemon है your least favorite fruit , but the grape है their least favorite. नई जर्सी है शांत during february , and it है freezing in spring. china है rainy during january , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in spring. his least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but our least liked है the orange. paris है dry during june , but it है never beautiful in fall. the peach है his favorite fruit , but the strawberry है our favorite. paris है usually mild during may , and it है never chilly in december. she है driving a big blue truck. france है कभी-कभी pleasant during august , and it है never relaxing in july. california है never dry during august , and it है never pleasant in march. she drives the नई blue truck. she dislikes the shiny blue truck. france है dry during fall , but it है never mild in july. india है never chilly during april , and it है शांत in august. china है कभी-कभी dry during march , but it है usually शांत in january. china है usually chilly during november , and it है never beautiful in may. india है never beautiful during august , but it है usually dry in november. the peach है her least favorite fruit , but the apple है my least favorite. the united states है never relaxing during october , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in february. india है usually dry during june , and it है usually chilly in november. he likes mangoes and pears. the lemon है their most loved fruit , but the strawberry है your most loved. he dislikes lemons and pears. india है कभी-कभी snowy during may , and it है never cold in november. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी beautiful during october , but it है usually शांत in summer. france है snowy during may , and it है never शांत in spring. the united states है never wonderful during february , but it है कभी-कभी mild in winter. india है usually rainy during september , but it है कभी-कभी mild in july. china है rainy during september , but it है nice in february. his least liked fruit है the lemon , but my least liked है the peach. the lime है her least favorite fruit , but the orange है their least favorite. california है कभी-कभी busy during november , and it है hot in april. नई जर्सी है usually mild during january , but it है कभी-कभी wet in autumn. he likes grapes , lemons , and bananas. france है कभी-कभी dry during august , but it है never snowy in december. our favorite fruit है the strawberry , but your favorite है the peach. france है usually cold during february , and it है never hot in october. have you been to california ? california है usually mild during june , but it है nice in november. the united states है usually wonderful during spring , and it है usually pleasant in june. she went to china last spring. he likes bananas , grapefruit , and apples. paris है never wonderful during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in march. california है usually beautiful during june , but it है never dry in july. california है usually freezing during spring , and it है chilly in march. her favorite animal है this shark. they dislike grapefruit , lemons , and apples. the united states है कभी-कभी relaxing during october , and it है usually cold in summer. paris है rainy during february , but it है never chilly in july. they like apples , peaches , and grapes. paris है busy during fall , but it है never cold in july. we dislike lemons , apples , and grapes. china है never relaxing during march , and it है never cold in autumn. california है never wet during april , and it है freezing in autumn. my favorite animal was this lion. नई जर्सी है usually dry during december , but it है usually mild in autumn. california है mild during june , and it है usually rainy in october. india है कभी-कभी freezing during summer , and it है usually rainy in september. he likes peaches , grapes , and lemons. you like mangoes , pears , and lemons. india है freezing during december , but it है never rainy in fall. i like grapefruit , mangoes , and lemons. my least liked fruit है the mango , but your least liked है the lime. the grape है our least liked fruit , but the orange है their least liked. france है शांत during april , and it है never wet in june. paris है never dry during spring , but it है never freezing in autumn. china है never wonderful during fall , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in winter. paris है usually freezing during march , but it है कभी-कभी nice in july. the orange है our least favorite fruit , but the peach है your least favorite. he dislikes grapefruit and oranges. india है usually cold during autumn , and it है never dry in july. the peach है their favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है our favorite. the lime है my most loved fruit , but the mango है our most loved. india है snowy during summer , and it है कभी-कभी busy in winter. california है usually pleasant during october , but it है कभी-कभी cold in april. india है never dry during february , and it है कभी-कभी nice in december. their least favorite fruit है the lime , but my least favorite है the orange. paris है usually freezing during autumn , but it है usually rainy in november. paris है कभी-कभी busy during december , but it है never rainy in january. she drives the big black truck. china है usually wet during fall , and it है beautiful in may. france है relaxing during fall , and it है usually शांत in july. the united states है beautiful during october , and it है hot in may. the pear है their most loved fruit , but the mango है our most loved. her least favorite animals were snakes. she likes lemons , grapefruit , and limes. she dislikes limes , mangoes , and strawberries. california है never busy during november , and it है usually chilly in fall. she saw a rusty yellow automobile. paris है rainy during fall , and it है snowy in autumn. california है कभी-कभी cold during autumn , and it है usually beautiful in winter. france है कभी-कभी snowy during march , and it है कभी-कभी dry in january. the united states है कभी-कभी freezing during may , but it है never chilly in december. she है going to india next september. she likes lemons , peaches , and pears. their favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but her favorite है the peach. china है usually mild during winter , and it है usually beautiful in october. they went to paris last july. you like bananas , lemons , and limes. china है chilly during february , but it है pleasant in march. she dislikes apples , mangoes , and grapefruit. नई जर्सी है never wet during spring , and it है कभी-कभी busy in summer. she likes oranges , grapes , and lemons. the pear है her least liked fruit , but the peach है his least liked. california है usually relaxing during may , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in july. the apple है his least liked fruit , but the grape है my least liked. france है never warm during june , and it है कभी-कभी mild in august. california है कभी-कभी nice during spring , but it है chilly in february. her most loved fruit है the mango , but our most loved है the strawberry. the pear है my most loved fruit , but the mango है his most loved. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी snowy during november , and it है usually pleasant in march. he dislikes the नई blue truck. india है कभी-कभी cold during june , but it है कभी-कभी busy in may. he likes that नई white truck. he dislikes apples , mangoes , and peaches. the grapefruit है his least liked fruit , but the pear है her least liked. the united states है कभी-कभी freezing during winter , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in march. the united states है never beautiful during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in summer. he likes grapefruit , strawberries , and pears. we like grapes , limes , and lemons. france है never mild during january , but it है busy in spring. the lemon है his least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है your least liked. he likes apples , peaches , and pears. the united states है कभी-कभी wonderful during july , and it है usually nice in april. china है never hot during winter , and it है never relaxing in january. she plans to visit france in may. she likes strawberries , limes , and bananas. the grapefruit है our most loved fruit , but the apple है her most loved. the united states है mild during october , but it है chilly in march. france है never wet during fall , and it है usually freezing in march. he wanted to go to india last june. india है never wonderful during april , but it है never beautiful in fall. the mango है my least favorite fruit , but the lemon है her least favorite. the mango है their most loved fruit , but the grape है my most loved. why didn't they go to the united states ? she likes grapes , apples , and pears. china है hot during may , and it है usually शांत in autumn. grapes are our least favorite fruit. she likes limes , peaches , and bananas. the united states है कभी-कभी wet during december , and it है usually pleasant in october. he likes peaches , limes , and grapefruit. the lime है your favorite fruit , but the lemon है their favorite. india है never nice during may , and it है usually snowy in february. france है never hot during may , and it है usually warm in fall. india है usually warm during february , and it है कभी-कभी dry in fall. my most loved animals are dogs. she dislikes bananas , grapefruit , and mangoes. she likes limes , grapes , and pears. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी cold during december , and it है usually शांत in june. she likes peaches , grapes , and strawberries. paris है कभी-कभी busy during january , and it है hot in fall. they dislike strawberries , apples , and pears. नई जर्सी है cold during winter , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in summer. france है usually relaxing during december , and it है कभी-कभी warm in october. india है cold during june , and it है usually warm in december. we like grapes , pears , and grapefruit. our least liked fruit है the mango , but my least liked है the lemon. california है शांत during summer , and it है usually relaxing in july. california है warm during december , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in november. they dislike bananas , limes , and pears. her least favorite animal है the bear. she dislikes mangoes , limes , and peaches. नई जर्सी है usually cold during february , and it है कभी-कभी busy in may. the united states है कभी-कभी beautiful during may , but it है never wet in august. the lime है her least liked fruit , but the grape है their least liked. california है कभी-कभी beautiful during autumn , and it है busy in january. the pear है your favorite fruit , but the grape है our favorite. he dislikes oranges and limes. india है usually wet during december , but it है never nice in june. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी rainy during august , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in june. he dislikes the नई white car. china है never beautiful during september , and it है usually snowy in november. her least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but our least favorite है the pear. france है relaxing during spring , and it है never wonderful in winter. paris है usually dry during may , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in december. china है usually snowy during january , and it है शांत in fall. paris है never dry during winter , and it है usually freezing in october. paris है शांत during summer , and it है cold in spring. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी freezing during winter , but it है usually hot in autumn. your least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but their least liked है the orange. the mango है our most loved fruit , but the orange है her most loved. france है hot during fall , but it है usually freezing in winter. my most loved fruit है the lime , but his most loved है the pear. नई जर्सी है usually nice during march , but it है कभी-कभी cold in summer. paris है never nice during october , and it है usually pleasant in december. we plan to visit the united states next january. the lime है their least favorite fruit , but the grape है our least favorite. india है usually beautiful during december , and it है usually rainy in march. she dislikes grapes , limes , and apples. the united states है never dry during october , but it है never rainy in september. he saw the नई black car. california है never nice during february , and it है usually chilly in april. she likes pears , lemons , and grapefruit. we dislike bananas , grapes , and grapefruit. the peach है her least liked fruit , but the mango है his least liked. my most loved fruit है the lime , but their most loved है the grape. paris है कभी-कभी wet during september , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in march. china है usually dry during march , and it है usually relaxing in february. india है never pleasant during autumn , and it है usually cold in february. paris है chilly during december , but it है never dry in april. you like lemons. we like oranges , limes , and grapefruit. she thinks it है difficult to translate between english and chinese. france है कभी-कभी dry during june , but it है usually warm in winter. she likes oranges , pears , and grapes. paris है pleasant during winter , and it है never warm in may. he है going to the united states next february. paris है busy during february , and it है usually nice in june. we plan to visit california in fall. france है शांत during july , but it है usually dry in january. france है relaxing during january , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in fall. the pear है her least favorite fruit , but the lemon है his least favorite. paris है wet during november , but it है never snowy in autumn. paris है never hot during january , and it है कभी-कभी mild in march. france है शांत during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी mild in july. his least favorite fruit है the apple , but her least favorite है the pear. her most loved fruit है the lemon , but his most loved है the orange. california है कभी-कभी relaxing during december , but it है usually beautiful in autumn. france है usually freezing during summer , but it है rainy in november. the united states है कभी-कभी cold during october , and it है never chilly in spring. france है wonderful during july , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in august. he likes the rusty red automobile. paris है never wonderful during april , and it है usually nice in march. the apple है his most loved fruit , but the banana है our most loved. the united states है never warm during winter , but it है कभी-कभी cold in february. california है कभी-कभी beautiful during may , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in summer. he dislikes limes , oranges , and bananas. the grape है our favorite fruit , but the banana है their favorite. the peach है our most loved fruit , but the strawberry है your most loved. नई जर्सी है mild during winter , and it है usually hot in may. he disliked a shiny black truck. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during august , and it है usually rainy in september. नई जर्सी है busy during january , but it है pleasant in may. why are they going to paris ? paris है usually hot during march , and it है wonderful in may. india है wet during fall , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in summer. the united states है usually शांत during march , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in summer. नई जर्सी है wonderful during november , but it है कभी-कभी warm in fall. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी शांत during spring , but it है cold in autumn. china है never nice during may , and it है hot in autumn. france है usually rainy during november , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in august. china है कभी-कभी wonderful during april , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in summer. my most loved fruit है the banana , but his most loved है the lemon. the united states है never hot during august , and it है never शांत in february. my least liked fruit है the orange , but his least liked है the grapefruit. he was driving that big blue truck. her most loved fruit है the grape , but their most loved है the lime. she dislikes limes , bananas , and oranges. india है mild during january , and it है usually cold in october. mice are my most loved animals. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी dry during july , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in june. they like apples , strawberries , and grapefruit. he likes bananas , grapes , and strawberries. the apple है our least liked fruit , but the lime है his least liked. france है usually chilly during november , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in winter. paris है never nice during october , but it है warm in june. paris है never mild during august , but it है never freezing in june. paris है कभी-कभी cold during autumn , and it है never warm in fall. her least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but our least favorite है the mango. the united states है कभी-कभी relaxing during august , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in november. china है usually wet during september , and it है never शांत in fall. france है कभी-कभी pleasant during june , but it है never beautiful in autumn. the united states है nice during autumn , but it है cold in september. her least favorite animal was that cat. the lime है my favorite fruit , but the pear है our favorite. the banana है your most loved fruit , but the pear है his most loved. my least liked fruit है the peach , but her least liked है the apple. the united states है never nice during february , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in winter. you dislike grapes , mangoes , and bananas. the peach है her least favorite fruit , but the pear है your least favorite. we dislike peaches , mangoes , and apples. नई जर्सी है never pleasant during fall , but it है mild in winter. india है relaxing during july , and it है busy in february. france है कभी-कभी snowy during september , but it है wet in summer. she likes oranges and apples. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी snowy during june , but it है शांत in spring. china है कभी-कभी nice during june , and it है never wet in february. paris है never pleasant during february , and it है कभी-कभी dry in september. india है beautiful during summer , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in fall. नई जर्सी है snowy during may , but it है कभी-कभी busy in january. paris है usually nice during summer , and it है usually dry in january. she liked that little blue car. france है never wonderful during june , but it है mild in december. नई जर्सी है never snowy during june , and it है usually beautiful in july. china है busy during march , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in september. france है कभी-कभी mild during june , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in fall. i dislike oranges , bananas , and limes. she dislikes grapes and pears. china है never mild during may , but it है warm in fall. he dislikes oranges , pears , and grapefruit. i plan to visit नई जर्सी in october. her favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but my favorite है the pear. नई जर्सी है wet during december , and it है never snowy in autumn. she went to the united states last april. france है usually wonderful during summer , and it है कभी-कभी mild in autumn. he dislikes oranges , grapes , and apples. the grapefruit है our least liked fruit , but the lime है their least liked. the united states है mild during spring , and it है never chilly in november. he plans to visit paris next june. china है never warm during september , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in may. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during spring , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in may. china है hot during may , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in march. you like grapes , lemons , and strawberries. the pear है our least favorite fruit , but the lime है his least favorite. china है relaxing during fall , and it है कभी-कभी hot in june. i dislike pears , apples , and grapes. france है कभी-कभी dry during february , and it है never chilly in april. he dislikes mangoes , limes , and oranges. the united states है never snowy during spring , but it है usually wet in winter. the lemon है their most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है her most loved. california है कभी-कभी dry during fall , but it है usually hot in june. you dislike limes , grapefruit , and oranges. नई जर्सी है usually warm during june , but it है wet in august. the lime है his least favorite fruit , but the lemon है your least favorite. he likes pears , limes , and lemons. you like limes , oranges , and grapes. california है usually dry during september , but it है usually wet in february. he likes mangoes , limes , and lemons. her least liked fruit है the lime , but my least liked है the mango. california है cold during spring , but it है usually hot in september. he dislikes grapes , pears , and mangoes. नई जर्सी है wet during march , and it है hot in november. the apple है their least favorite fruit , but the pear है our least favorite. china है mild during may , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in november. the lemon है our least favorite fruit , but the apple है her least favorite. france है usually freezing during february , and it है cold in march. paris है pleasant during spring , and it है nice in march. the lime है your least liked fruit. his favorite fruit है the orange , but your favorite है the lemon. france है कभी-कभी cold during winter , and it है usually freezing in may. नई जर्सी है never busy during may , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in autumn. his least favorite animal was the rabbit. france है never dry during april , but it है never snowy in october. china है never dry during october , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in april. the united states है usually freezing during spring , and it है never warm in may. california है usually wet during august , and it है usually chilly in january. the united states है never hot during december , but it है usually beautiful in november. नई जर्सी है usually beautiful during january , but it है cold in november. my least liked fruit है the pear , but her least liked है the grapefruit. नई जर्सी है never शांत during august , but it है usually wonderful in october. india है never mild during january , but it है usually chilly in november. california है never wet during autumn , and it है rainy in summer. the mango है my least liked fruit , but the banana है their least liked. california है never wonderful during winter , but it है wet in february. our least liked fruit है the strawberry , but my least liked है the orange. paris है snowy during december , and it है rainy in november. they plan to visit नई जर्सी in june. california है never nice during november , but it है usually cold in spring. california है usually nice during october , and it है usually hot in december. the united states है dry during spring , but it है usually rainy in may. paris है never relaxing during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी mild in january. her least favorite animals are monkeys. our favorite fruit है the lemon , but your favorite है the apple. india है usually freezing during may , and it है never warm in january. the grape है their least favorite fruit , but the banana है our least favorite. california है beautiful during spring , and it है usually dry in january. paris है कभी-कभी snowy during august , but it है never freezing in july. your favorite fruit है the pear , but her favorite है the apple. china है pleasant during february , and it है never hot in august. california है usually warm during september , and it है usually nice in december. china है कभी-कभी cold during may , but it है never शांत in october. france है never cold during summer , but it है usually freezing in july. the united states है usually wonderful during march , but it है never busy in spring. she likes lemons , grapefruit , and pears. paris है cold during september , and it है usually warm in november. paris है कभी-कभी relaxing during fall , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in august. the lemon है his favorite fruit , but the pear है their favorite. india है कभी-कभी hot during april , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in winter. paris है usually freezing during july , but it है never nice in winter. they dislike bananas , lemons , and grapefruit. india है usually snowy during november , and it है never chilly in september. नई जर्सी है usually relaxing during june , and it है कभी-कभी busy in march. she likes lemons , limes , and strawberries. his least favorite fruit है the peach , but my least favorite है the apple. paris है pleasant during spring , and it है never rainy in summer. india है usually beautiful during may , and it है usually hot in january. china है कभी-कभी hot during september , but it है कभी-कभी mild in fall. china है कभी-कभी wet during february , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in fall. india है कभी-कभी mild during july , but it है never rainy in may. he likes mangoes , oranges , and lemons. the grape है their least favorite fruit , but the pear है my least favorite. the united states है never warm during march , and it है beautiful in fall. she disliked a नई green automobile. california है कभी-कभी snowy during april , but it है mild in november. the peach है our most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है their most loved. china है शांत during november , and it है usually freezing in december. china है cold during may , and it है never warm in march. france है usually freezing during summer , but it है never beautiful in spring. paris है usually dry during february , but it है never busy in november. france है never relaxing during december , and it है busy in october. china है cold during september , and it है mild in november. नई जर्सी है nice during winter , but it है never wet in summer. the united states है dry during july , and it है usually wet in february. where है china ? she disliked that little green car. she saw the old red automobile. the united states है कभी-कभी mild during november , but it है beautiful in february. your most loved fruit है the lime , but our most loved है the apple. the united states है wonderful during november , and it है usually freezing in summer. india है कभी-कभी hot during autumn , but it है freezing in fall. her favorite fruit है the apple , but your favorite है the banana. the united states है usually hot during fall , but it है never chilly in september. france है chilly during november , and it है कभी-कभी hot in fall. france है usually relaxing during january , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in june. paris है कभी-कभी snowy during may , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in november. india है never wet during april , and it है कभी-कभी mild in fall. it है fun to translate between english and spanish. california है usually snowy during january , and it है pleasant in october. china है कभी-कभी freezing during winter , and it है never cold in spring. he likes limes , grapes , and peaches. his least liked fruit है the mango , but my least liked है the grapefruit. our least liked fruit है the mango , but his least liked है the orange. she likes limes , pears , and strawberries. she dislikes bananas , limes , and apples. the grapefruit है our least favorite fruit , but the pear है your least favorite. india है कभी-कभी chilly during spring , and it है usually शांत in january. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी mild during summer , and it है never wonderful in august. california है usually cold during september , but it है usually wonderful in october. he likes peaches , lemons , and pears. the lemon है my favorite fruit , but the orange है our favorite. her favorite fruit है the strawberry , but my favorite है the orange. he है going to india next october. the mango है her least favorite fruit , but the orange है their least favorite. india है wet during fall , but it है never mild in march. she likes limes , peaches , and pears. she likes strawberries , grapefruit , and apples. he dislikes lemons , apples , and strawberries. california है hot during autumn , but it है never rainy in winter. paris है कभी-कभी freezing during december , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in september. paris है hot during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in april. california है usually wet during fall , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in september. the united states है never snowy during june , and it है wet in winter. she dislikes bananas , apples , and pears. her least liked fruit है the banana , but our least liked है the apple. his favorite fruit है the lime , but your favorite है the apple. the pear है her most loved fruit , but the orange है his most loved. our least favorite fruit है the pear , but their least favorite है the apple. we dislike strawberries , pears , and grapes. their least liked fruit है the apple , but your least liked है the peach. her favorite fruit है the mango , but their favorite है the banana. california है usually hot during march , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in august. france है usually freezing during winter , but it है wet in may. नई जर्सी है never chilly during august , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in september. my least favorite animal was that snake. california है wet during january , and it है usually nice in april. you like grapes and strawberries. your least favorite fruit है the banana , but his least favorite है the orange. the united states है dry during fall , and it है never mild in january. the monkey was your least favorite animal. your favorite fruit है the apple , but our favorite है the pear. they dislike grapefruit , bananas , and peaches. the pear है their least liked fruit , but the mango है my least liked. china है never शांत during november , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in december. she dislikes peaches , grapes , and pears. paris है never wonderful during july , but it है usually mild in spring. your favorite animal है the lion. the grape है their favorite fruit , but the pear है his favorite. his least favorite fruit है the lime , but my least favorite है the lemon. the lime है our least liked fruit , but the strawberry है your least liked. the lemon है his favorite fruit , but the peach है your favorite. paris है never snowy during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी nice in spring. i like strawberries , bananas , and grapefruit. paris है never chilly during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी hot in november. she likes pears , oranges , and lemons. france है usually freezing during february , but it है usually wonderful in october. china है usually dry during autumn , and it है usually warm in december. my favorite animal was this dog. the peach है our least liked fruit , but the banana है your least liked. they like apples , limes , and bananas. the strawberry है our least favorite fruit , but the mango है my least favorite. paris है कभी-कभी chilly during may , and it है wet in january. the united states है never nice during winter , but it है never rainy in april. she likes grapefruit , bananas , and lemons. paris है usually pleasant during april , but it है wonderful in october. नई जर्सी है nice during winter , but it है freezing in september. france है कभी-कभी rainy during october , but it है usually nice in january. my least liked fruit है the strawberry , but their least liked है the peach. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी mild during december , and it है wonderful in july. china है कभी-कभी snowy during autumn , but it है hot in november. do you think translating between portuguese and french है fun ? india है usually freezing during march , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in december. france है कभी-कभी wet during fall , but it है usually शांत in spring. the orange है their most loved fruit , but the peach है our most loved. she likes lemons , peaches , and bananas. our most loved fruit है the apple , but your most loved है the lemon. china है usually nice during march , and it है wonderful in spring. their most loved fruit है the lime , but your most loved है the peach. she dislikes bananas and apples. france है relaxing during winter , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in june. india है usually snowy during march , and it है beautiful in summer. california है chilly during august , and it है never snowy in spring. the lemon है his least liked fruit , but the mango है our least liked. his most loved fruit है the pear , but her most loved है the peach. paris है never pleasant during spring , and it है never mild in may. we like limes and peaches. he likes limes , peaches , and grapes. the grapefruit है your favorite fruit , but the peach है my favorite. china है mild during december , but it है usually warm in fall. the lemon है her most loved fruit , but the orange है your most loved. india है कभी-कभी शांत during november , and it है never rainy in march. i dislike apples , bananas , and peaches. mice are your most feared animals. china है कभी-कभी rainy during january , but it है कभी-कभी dry in spring. the apple है your least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है my least liked. i dislike bananas , mangoes , and lemons. the lime है our least liked fruit , but the peach है his least liked. her least favorite fruit है the lemon , but their least favorite है the banana. the united states है never cold during winter , but it है freezing in december. his most loved fruit है the strawberry , but your most loved है the orange. paris है never dry during january , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in autumn. they dislike lemons , grapefruit , and pears. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी beautiful during november , and it है usually cold in summer. california है usually warm during spring , and it है pleasant in winter. the mango है my favorite fruit , but the strawberry है your favorite. the united states है usually freezing during november , but it है कभी-कभी warm in spring. he dislikes strawberries , oranges , and lemons. the united states है never busy during august , but it है wet in september. her least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but your least favorite है the grapefruit. paris है never beautiful during summer , and it है never nice in may. the grape है her favorite fruit , but the banana है our favorite. paris है कभी-कभी hot during august , but it है usually freezing in june. he saw the rusty red automobile. paris है कभी-कभी cold during november , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in spring. the lime है their most loved fruit , but the apple है your most loved. नई जर्सी है usually nice during april , and it है usually freezing in fall. the united states है never mild during december , but it है rainy in march. the united states है कभी-कभी nice during march , and it है never busy in january. france है usually freezing during november , and it है शांत in may. india है relaxing during may , but it है wonderful in february. france है usually wet during october , but it है never busy in spring. paris है freezing during july , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in summer. the lemon है your least liked fruit , but the apple है his least liked. she dislikes oranges , bananas , and lemons. she dislikes pears , mangoes , and lemons. the united states है कभी-कभी wet during spring , and it है usually chilly in november. he wants to go to france next january. the grape है his least liked fruit , but the pear है your least liked. china है कभी-कभी freezing during winter , and it है कभी-कभी busy in autumn. the mango है their most loved fruit , but the apple है your most loved. this bear was your favorite animal. india है कभी-कभी pleasant during august , but it है usually warm in spring. india है कभी-कभी शांत during april , but it है usually nice in winter. her least favorite fruit है the lime , but his least favorite है the banana. the strawberry है your least liked fruit , but the mango है their least liked. why did they go to china ? the grapefruit है our least liked fruit , but the banana है their least liked. china है usually beautiful during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in august. china है कभी-कभी cold during july , but it है wonderful in summer. our most loved fruit है the banana , but their most loved है the grapefruit. france है शांत during september , but it है never wet in may. the pear है our least favorite fruit , but the mango है your least favorite. we dislike oranges , lemons , and peaches. नई जर्सी है hot during winter , but it है usually शांत in june. my favorite fruit है the grape , but their favorite है the apple. his least favorite animal was this snake. france है usually wet during summer , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in autumn. china है never beautiful during december , but it है शांत in autumn. the mango है my most loved fruit , but the apple है their most loved. we like oranges , grapes , and lemons. the pear है your most loved fruit , but the strawberry है my most loved. she है going to china next february. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wonderful during july , and it है कभी-कभी dry in fall. the banana है my least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है your least favorite. the united states है never freezing during march , but it है usually beautiful in spring. california है usually freezing during june , but it है usually hot in august. china है कभी-कभी pleasant during spring , but it है usually warm in september. paris है कभी-कभी hot during october , and it है usually warm in winter. california है शांत during august , and it है freezing in november. his least favorite fruit है the lemon , but our least favorite है the grape. your least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but their least favorite है the banana. her least favorite fruit है the peach , but your least favorite है the pear. india है never warm during september , and it है कभी-कभी cold in may. the apple है our least liked fruit , but the pear है my least liked. he plans to visit california in july. california है कभी-कभी wet during december , but it है pleasant in july. paris है never warm during may , but it है busy in winter. china है hot during spring , and it है कभी-कभी mild in august. they like apples , strawberries , and pears. नई जर्सी है never rainy during july , but it है never शांत in october. china है usually beautiful during august , and it है warm in fall. china है wet during october , and it है wonderful in april. paris है never nice during march , but it है usually relaxing in august. the grape है your favorite fruit , but the mango है our favorite. नई जर्सी है never dry during march , and it है nice in february. नई जर्सी है never chilly during may , and it है never शांत in october. he likes bananas , strawberries , and lemons. the pear है your least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है our least liked. नई जर्सी है never rainy during september , and it है never wet in may. china है nice during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in september. france है usually snowy during summer , but it है never dry in july. she saw that big black car. the united states है chilly during february , but it है usually warm in august. he dislikes pears , oranges , and peaches. china है कभी-कभी wonderful during november , and it है relaxing in april. california है cold during fall , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in spring. the united states है कभी-कभी chilly during spring , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in summer. china है never nice during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in january. their favorite fruit है the strawberry , but your favorite है the banana. france है usually rainy during autumn , but it है snowy in october. he dislikes peaches , grapes , and strawberries. my favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but their favorite है the grape. my most loved fruit है the orange , but his most loved है the grapefruit. paris है never relaxing during december , but it है usually mild in summer. china है never relaxing during august , and it है never nice in summer. the united states है never freezing during june , but it है never nice in february. i dislike lemons , peaches , and mangoes. india है usually wonderful during december , and it है snowy in winter. this rabbit was my most feared animal. she dislikes oranges , peaches , and strawberries. the pear है my favorite fruit , but the lemon है your favorite. china है usually pleasant during fall , but it है usually cold in december. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during spring , and it है warm in autumn. france है कभी-कभी beautiful during march , and it है snowy in october. california है कभी-कभी nice during winter , but it है usually hot in june. he dislikes limes , pears , and grapes. he dislikes mangoes , limes , and pears. paris है snowy during march , and it है usually beautiful in august. he disliked a old yellow truck. your least favorite fruit है the peach , but their least favorite है the lime. he drives the big white automobile. their least liked fruit है the lemon , but your least liked है the orange. my least favorite fruit है the peach , but their least favorite है the mango. they like lemons , limes , and apples. the apple है her least liked fruit , but the banana है their least liked. paris है cold during february , and it है कभी-कभी wet in winter. paris है freezing during january , and it है never nice in fall. india है usually warm during may , but it है usually nice in september. the pear है your least favorite fruit , but the orange है his least favorite. the united states है कभी-कभी relaxing during july , but it है never wonderful in april. the united states है कभी-कभी mild during march , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in december. she dislikes bananas , pears , and grapes. he likes lemons and bananas. he likes strawberries , peaches , and mangoes. नई जर्सी है never pleasant during december , but it है busy in june. california है relaxing during winter , but it है chilly in june. this horse है his most feared animal. she likes oranges , limes , and lemons. india है कभी-कभी wonderful during winter , and it है never mild in july. paris है usually शांत during winter , but it है usually hot in october. the apple है her most loved fruit , but the banana है my most loved. नई जर्सी है usually warm during spring , and it है usually dry in march. california है कभी-कभी chilly during autumn , but it है hot in november. china है कभी-कभी chilly during july , but it है never wet in december. paris है snowy during october , and it है relaxing in november. california है कभी-कभी dry during april , but it है कभी-कभी cold in january. china है usually snowy during spring , but it है कभी-कभी nice in january. china है usually freezing during march , and it है usually wonderful in february. she dislikes mangoes , limes , and lemons. she dislikes pears , apples , and grapefruit. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी dry during march , but it है chilly in april. france है usually beautiful during january , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in march. france है wonderful during december , and it है कभी-कभी wet in november. she might go to california. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during october , but it है busy in winter. he dislikes grapes , peaches , and pears. the orange है your least liked fruit , but the pear है our least liked. she dislikes apples , grapes , and pears. california है cold during august , but it है snowy in february. their most loved fruit है the orange , but our most loved है the apple. california है usually wet during august , but it है usually cold in april. we like oranges , lemons , and mangoes. china है wonderful during october , but it है usually hot in autumn. the united states है pleasant during december , and it है कभी-कभी mild in august. their most loved fruit है the pear , but my most loved है the lime. they dislike limes , grapefruit , and peaches. he liked that rusty white automobile. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी snowy during march , but it है busy in may. the united states है never nice during summer , but it है never dry in november. the lemon है her favorite fruit , but the strawberry है our favorite. the pear है your most loved fruit , but the mango है their most loved. he dislikes oranges and lemons. the united states है busy during august , and it है rainy in march. his favorite fruit है the mango , but our favorite है the grapefruit. he dislikes apples , strawberries , and pears. the grape है their most loved fruit , but the pear है his most loved. france है कभी-कभी hot during october , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in november. this snake है your favorite animal. he है driving a rusty green automobile. the united states है busy during november , and it है wonderful in february. they like peaches , strawberries , and oranges. they like limes , mangoes , and oranges. the mango है their least favorite fruit , but the apple है our least favorite. you dislike apples , oranges , and grapefruit. india है dry during june , but it है beautiful in april. the lemon है your most loved fruit , but the lime है our most loved. china है कभी-कभी dry during march , but it है usually wonderful in spring. california है beautiful during may , and it है never chilly in june. he dislikes peaches , apples , and mangoes. california है कभी-कभी chilly during spring , and it है usually dry in january. our least liked fruit है the lemon , but his least liked है the lime. i plan to visit नई जर्सी next march. her least liked fruit है the strawberry , but my least liked है the lemon. she likes lemons , grapes , and bananas. when है he going to the football field ? i like grapefruit , grapes , and lemons. france है never relaxing during march , but it है beautiful in november. the united states है relaxing during march , and it है कभी-कभी busy in september. my favorite animal है that monkey. he thinks it है difficult to translate between english and chinese. we dislike peaches , oranges , and grapefruit. i like peaches , strawberries , and pears. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी cold during autumn , but it है शांत in september. the united states है usually hot during spring , but it है कभी-कभी nice in fall. the peach है your favorite fruit , but the strawberry है my favorite. we like pears , mangoes , and grapefruit. his most loved animal है this horse. paris है usually dry during summer , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in winter. india है never cold during february , but it है शांत in january. china है never dry during november , but it है never cold in october. california है usually wet during january , and it है busy in august. the peach है your favorite fruit , but the banana है our favorite. paris है never nice during november , and it है freezing in summer. नई जर्सी है usually wet during july , and it है mild in autumn. china है never busy during december , and it है usually warm in april. france है never warm during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी busy in october. when did she go to the school ? california है freezing during fall , but it है कभी-कभी mild in july. the united states है शांत during fall , but it है usually busy in november. china है कभी-कभी freezing during march , and it है usually warm in may. the united states है chilly during march , but it है never busy in november. he dislikes limes , grapefruit , and pears. the united states है usually शांत during may , but it है कभी-कभी warm in march. our least liked fruit है the peach , but my least liked है the strawberry. china है usually warm during june , and it है chilly in april. india है usually relaxing during april , but it है कभी-कभी busy in summer. the banana है my favorite fruit , but the lime है her favorite. the united states है कभी-कभी relaxing during may , but it है dry in summer. paris है कभी-कभी relaxing during june , but it है कभी-कभी wet in march. their least liked fruit है the grape , but my least liked है the lemon. china है never warm during may , but it है never wonderful in fall. china है usually beautiful during november , and it है शांत in winter. her least favorite animals were mice. our favorite fruit है the mango , but their favorite है the pear. they plan to visit china next december. california है never wonderful during may , and it है never snowy in october. नई जर्सी है usually freezing during fall , but it है usually cold in october. the strawberry है her most loved fruit , but the mango है your most loved. i plan to visit france next november. paris है nice during october , and it है never wonderful in february. the banana है his favorite fruit , but the mango है my favorite. france है hot during spring , and it है never relaxing in may. they like limes , oranges , and bananas. india है कभी-कभी nice during spring , and it है usually busy in autumn. my favorite fruit है the pear , but her favorite है the banana. china है chilly during may , but it है कभी-कभी dry in september. our least favorite fruit है the lime , but their least favorite है the banana. नई जर्सी है never rainy during fall , and it है कभी-कभी wet in june. they dislike lemons , strawberries , and limes. she likes peaches , apples , and lemons. california है never chilly during september , and it है never dry in march. the united states है never relaxing during april , but it है never nice in january. he dislikes oranges , lemons , and peaches. she dislikes strawberries , pears , and bananas. china है warm during february , and it है never wonderful in spring. paris है wet during june , but it है hot in september. she dislikes the नई white truck. we like apples and bananas. their least favorite fruit है the banana , but his least favorite है the lime. paris है usually relaxing during february , and it है never busy in january. india है never dry during november , but it है usually cold in january. he dislikes the rusty black truck. would they like to go the united states ? the orange है my least favorite fruit , but the peach है our least favorite. paris है busy during january , and it है never beautiful in may. china है pleasant during september , and it है कभी-कभी dry in february. india है कभी-कभी freezing during may , and it है never dry in autumn. china है usually wet during winter , and it है never dry in fall. she likes bananas , grapes , and peaches. her least liked fruit है the lemon , but my least liked है the grapefruit. he liked that old green automobile. the grape है my most loved fruit , but the strawberry है our most loved. california है never cold during december , but it है usually rainy in autumn. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during february , and it है कभी-कभी nice in august. we dislike grapefruit , pears , and peaches. india है freezing during december , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in february. she है driving a नई white automobile. you dislike bananas , apples , and lemons. she dislikes pears , grapefruit , and mangoes. his least liked fruit है the peach , but my least liked है the strawberry. paris है never mild during january , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in autumn. india है usually snowy during spring , but it है कभी-कभी dry in fall. you dislike grapes , pears , and oranges. नई जर्सी है usually cold during winter , but it है usually relaxing in july. i like limes , apples , and grapefruit. she dislikes bananas , grapes , and oranges. paris है wonderful during summer , and it है never dry in november. the united states है usually snowy during march , and it है usually beautiful in january. paris है कभी-कभी cold during september , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in january. paris है usually hot during january , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in september. india है कभी-कभी wonderful during june , but it है never nice in december. france है usually cold during january , and it है शांत in march. india है never relaxing during september , but it है never mild in april. she thinks translating between french and portuguese है easy. california है mild during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in june. the lemon है his most loved fruit , but the mango है their most loved. your least favorite animal was this dog. he thinks translating between french and portuguese है difficult. china है कभी-कभी snowy during december , but it है nice in spring. नई जर्सी है usually wet during spring , but it है usually freezing in april. china है कभी-कभी wonderful during fall , and it है warm in december. france है usually chilly during january , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in february. his least favorite fruit है the lime , but our least favorite है the grape. नई जर्सी है cold during summer , and it है never chilly in april. paris है usually mild during july , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in winter. my favorite fruit है the mango , but your favorite है the grape. india है pleasant during november , but it है never warm in may. she dislikes pears and grapefruit. the orange है their most loved fruit , but the banana है my most loved. my least liked fruit है the orange , but his least liked है the pear. her least liked fruit है the peach , but their least liked है the lime. the banana है your favorite fruit , but the grape है their favorite. india है never freezing during fall , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in july. नई जर्सी है शांत during may , but it है hot in summer. she dislikes mangoes , peaches , and pears. china है nice during spring , and it है usually chilly in august. his favorite fruit है the grape , but their favorite है the banana. california है usually beautiful during february , and it है never snowy in august. नई जर्सी है never freezing during winter , but it है usually wonderful in february. you like pears , mangoes , and apples. your favorite fruit है the lime , but our favorite है the peach. नई जर्सी है usually beautiful during january , but it है कभी-कभी nice in november. his least favorite fruit है the apple , but her least favorite है the grape. he likes limes , mangoes , and grapes. india है usually busy during march , but it है freezing in september. he likes peaches , lemons , and grapefruit. the lemon है our least liked fruit , but the peach है my least liked. she likes oranges and pears. the lemon है my most loved fruit , but the orange है her most loved. china है कभी-कभी chilly during august , and it है mild in winter. china है usually hot during march , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in spring. my favorite fruit है the lime , but your favorite है the strawberry. he liked the नई yellow car. the peach है our most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है my most loved. france है nice during may , but it है never busy in fall. he dislikes strawberries , apples , and oranges. the united states है never hot during november , and it है chilly in winter. the peach है your least liked fruit , but the mango है her least liked. the banana है our least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है your least liked. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी pleasant during july , and it है usually शांत in spring. she dislikes peaches , mangoes , and apples. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी mild during may , but it है usually hot in july. she saw that little green truck. paris है dry during february , but it है hot in october. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी busy during january , and it है never warm in july. their least liked fruit है the banana , but our least liked है the grape. their favorite fruit है the orange , but our favorite है the grapefruit. paris है कभी-कभी relaxing during february , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in april. china है wonderful during april , but it है usually nice in october. china है usually nice during spring , but it है usually dry in march. his favorite fruit है the lemon , but their favorite है the mango. france है कभी-कभी chilly during fall , but it है busy in autumn. नई जर्सी है mild during july , but it है beautiful in june. her favorite fruit है the orange , but my favorite है the lemon. he likes grapes , peaches , and pears. he likes limes , grapefruit , and strawberries. the lemon है my least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है our least favorite. नई जर्सी है never wet during summer , and it है usually nice in april. her least liked fruit है the orange , but their least liked है the apple. i dislike apples , strawberries , and peaches. france है cold during april , but it है usually rainy in summer. paris है never hot during fall , and it है never cold in february. the lime है your favorite fruit , but the pear है his favorite. she dislikes that old yellow car. france है never chilly during june , but it है never dry in october. india है usually wet during february , and it है usually cold in september. they like grapes , oranges , and peaches. the united states है freezing during september , and it है कभी-कभी busy in may. he drives that rusty black automobile. she likes apples , grapes , and oranges. china है freezing during october , but it है never mild in autumn. india है कभी-कभी freezing during november , and it है कभी-कभी busy in july. his least favorite fruit है the banana , but our least favorite है the peach. the united states है never chilly during february , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in spring. france है कभी-कभी chilly during winter , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in february. paris है never dry during january , but it है कभी-कभी warm in december. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wet during june , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in december. the united states है never pleasant during winter , but it है never snowy in january. she likes apples , lemons , and grapefruit. paris है snowy during august , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in summer. they like strawberries , apples , and pears. india है wet during december , and it है warm in spring. india है usually wonderful during june , but it है usually cold in summer. the pear है her favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है their favorite. he was driving a old blue automobile. the orange है our least favorite fruit , but the banana है their least favorite. paris है usually warm during august , and it है usually wonderful in march. india है never relaxing during january , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in december. paris है कभी-कभी relaxing during january , and it है कभी-कभी mild in may. my favorite fruit है the lemon , but your favorite है the grapefruit. the united states है never snowy during spring , but it है usually warm in march. नई जर्सी है usually busy during august , and it है never relaxing in spring. he likes apples , strawberries , and peaches. the united states है never mild during june , and it है कभी-कभी busy in july. the apple है their least favorite fruit , but the pear है his least favorite. california है usually freezing during february , but it है usually शांत in summer. the lemon है her least liked fruit , but the grape है my least liked. नई जर्सी है pleasant during april , and it है hot in winter. he might go to california next december. he might go to china next november. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी busy during fall , and it है कभी-कभी hot in december. their favorite fruit है the lemon , but our favorite है the grape. the united states है never chilly during august , but it है cold in winter. india है never pleasant during august , but it है usually cold in november. the mango है our most loved fruit , but the grape है his most loved. नई जर्सी है wonderful during spring , and it है freezing in april. नई जर्सी है never warm during may , but it है usually chilly in july. california है busy during summer , but it है never शांत in autumn. the united states है usually cold during autumn , but it है never snowy in august. the orange है their most loved fruit , but the apple है our most loved. california है dry during summer , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in september. he है driving a old blue truck. नई जर्सी है usually शांत during october , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in june. the peach है their most loved fruit , but the pear है his most loved. paris है never wonderful during december , but it है never शांत in january. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during winter , and it है never warm in august. india है कभी-कभी wonderful during september , and it है warm in march. the pear है her least liked fruit , but the apple है their least liked. she likes limes , mangoes , and apples. नई जर्सी है never busy during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in september. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी chilly during autumn , but it है never शांत in june. china है usually dry during july , but it है usually beautiful in february. india है snowy during january , and it है warm in october. नई जर्सी है never mild during april , but it है usually rainy in june. she likes the little green automobile. you like grapefruit , peaches , and mangoes. my most loved fruit है the lemon , but their most loved है the strawberry. our least liked fruit है the pear , but your least liked है the lemon. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during june , but it है beautiful in august. her most loved fruit है the peach , but my most loved है the grape. california है usually chilly during june , but it है dry in january. she likes oranges , pears , and apples. she wanted to go to france last november. california है usually snowy during august , but it है usually freezing in december. paris है usually mild during january , but it है कभी-कभी warm in june. california है कभी-कभी wet during fall , but it है never chilly in october. france है कभी-कभी chilly during june , but it है never snowy in spring. she dislikes apples , bananas , and grapefruit. नई जर्सी है busy during april , but it है never rainy in august. नई जर्सी है nice during april , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in autumn. she likes grapefruit , pears , and mangoes. i dislike pears , lemons , and bananas. california है mild during november , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in may. the banana है our favorite fruit , but the pear है their favorite. your favorite fruit है the lemon , but her favorite है the strawberry. china है usually शांत during february , and it है warm in april. the united states है rainy during may , but it है hot in march. paris है beautiful during november , and it है usually शांत in december. they are going to the united states next february. india है snowy during summer , but it है never rainy in august. california है usually rainy during january , and it है wet in december. my least favorite fruit है the pear , but her least favorite है the lime. she है going to नई जर्सी next july. he likes grapefruit , pears , and grapes. the grape है our least favorite fruit , but the mango है his least favorite. california है कभी-कभी cold during may , but it है usually wonderful in july. नई जर्सी है शांत during august , but it है usually freezing in winter. china है कभी-कभी शांत during august , and it है never rainy in july. the united states है usually dry during autumn , and it है freezing in june. france है usually rainy during august , but it है शांत in winter. paris है never rainy during spring , and it है usually wet in june. the dog was her most feared animal. he likes the rusty black truck. the united states है usually cold during august , but it है snowy in november. they went to नई जर्सी last july. नई जर्सी है usually cold during july , but it है nice in february. india है कभी-कभी warm during august , and it है कभी-कभी wet in december. france है cold during september , but it है never chilly in summer. horses were her most feared animals. india है कभी-कभी cold during december , but it है never dry in march. she dislikes the rusty yellow car. we dislike mangoes and lemons. the united states है never cold during may , but it है usually mild in autumn. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during december , but it है never mild in april. my favorite fruit है the lemon , but his favorite है the peach. france है mild during spring , and it है never nice in november. the mango है his favorite fruit , but the banana है our favorite. नई जर्सी है freezing during june , but it है wet in january. her favorite fruit है the banana , but their favorite है the strawberry. india है कभी-कभी mild during september , but it है never rainy in winter. the united states है cold during september , and it है never relaxing in spring. their least liked fruit है the lime , but my least liked है the orange. the grapefruit है their favorite fruit , but the mango है your favorite. france है never hot during fall , but it है dry in october. she thinks it है fun to translate between english and french. paris है never snowy during november , and it है usually hot in june. the united states है snowy during spring , but it है usually busy in march. paris है usually snowy during winter , and it है शांत in may. paris है कभी-कभी wet during june , but it है कभी-कभी nice in april. the peach है her favorite fruit , but the orange है our favorite. your favorite animal है that bear. our least liked fruit है the mango , but her least liked है the lemon. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी chilly during july , and it है कभी-कभी hot in june. her least liked fruit है the mango , but my least liked है the lemon. india है usually chilly during autumn , but it है mild in october. the united states है usually chilly during spring , but it है usually warm in april. your favorite fruit है the pear , but our favorite है the mango. नई जर्सी है usually busy during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in may. france है कभी-कभी nice during winter , and it है wonderful in autumn. नई जर्सी है never rainy during winter , and it है mild in november. china है never mild during june , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in march. our least favorite fruit है the lemon , but your least favorite है the pear. i like limes and oranges. he likes grapes , bananas , and mangoes. the lime है their least favorite fruit , but the apple है our least favorite. she likes limes , bananas , and grapes. she liked a big black truck. paris है कभी-कभी nice during june , and it है cold in january. the lime है their least liked fruit , but the orange है your least liked. china है never wet during september , but it है mild in january. नई जर्सी है usually beautiful during june , but it है usually freezing in october. the orange है our favorite fruit , but the banana है her favorite. france है never beautiful during winter. india है कभी-कभी busy during summer , and it है never rainy in january. she dislikes pears , apples , and bananas. california है कभी-कभी beautiful during april , and it है usually dry in february. नई जर्सी है never busy during autumn , but it है nice in may. नई जर्सी है usually शांत during july , but it है never relaxing in may. he likes the shiny white automobile. paris है freezing during august , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in september. he likes limes and lemons. your most loved fruit है the grape , but her most loved है the strawberry. paris है never beautiful during october , but it है never mild in november. california है snowy during june , but it है hot in summer. india है pleasant during april , but it है cold in october. the united states है never relaxing during january , but it है usually wet in autumn. china है never warm during summer , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in march. california है warm during march , but it है शांत in september. नई जर्सी है freezing during september , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in summer. the united states है usually chilly during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी dry in november. the united states है usually freezing during september , and it है never chilly in june. the united states है कभी-कभी snowy during april , but it है कभी-कभी warm in december. china है never beautiful during summer , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in april. paris है wonderful during autumn , and it है usually beautiful in spring. california है beautiful during february , but it है wonderful in october. france है कभी-कभी chilly during march , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in september. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during february , but it है usually mild in spring. paris है nice during september , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in july. china है never nice during november , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in april. france है usually snowy during december , and it है usually pleasant in october. she likes grapes , pears , and limes. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी rainy during april , and it है शांत in july. france है never relaxing during spring , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in fall. my least favorite fruit है the pear , but her least favorite है the apple. नई जर्सी है dry during july , and it है usually chilly in february. india है beautiful during december , but it है chilly in fall. he likes apples and bananas. paris है never freezing during august , and it है never wonderful in september. china है कभी-कभी शांत during fall , but it है never chilly in spring. india है कभी-कभी freezing during summer , and it है usually cold in august. we dislike mangoes , pears , and grapefruit. my least favorite fruit है the lime , but her least favorite है the mango. नई जर्सी है usually mild during july , but it है never beautiful in june. नई जर्सी है usually freezing during october , and it है usually dry in september. he dislikes lemons , mangoes , and bananas. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी busy during may , and it है never wet in june. the united states है never relaxing during november , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in winter. नई जर्सी है chilly during spring , and it है कभी-कभी hot in december. their favorite fruit है the peach , but his favorite है the apple. they like pears , strawberries , and peaches. your least favorite fruit है the lemon , but their least favorite है the peach. china है mild during january , but it है never cold in may. नई जर्सी है never dry during april , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in september. india है never freezing during november , but it है never busy in summer. france है कभी-कभी mild during june , and it है कभी-कभी wet in autumn. they dislike strawberries , peaches , and grapefruit. her least liked fruit है the strawberry , but your least liked है the lemon. france है never busy during june , and it है beautiful in fall. california है कभी-कभी cold during december , and it है usually wonderful in november. नई जर्सी है beautiful during august , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in june. the united states है never chilly during november , and it है wet in winter. india है usually rainy during june , but it है beautiful in september. california है never busy during september , but it है कभी-कभी hot in march. the united states है never शांत during july , and it है कभी-कभी busy in november. our most loved fruit है the grape , but her most loved है the lemon. she likes mangoes , grapefruit , and lemons. california है pleasant during january , and it है freezing in february. cats are her most feared animals. france है कभी-कभी wonderful during fall , and it है never warm in september. california है never nice during november , but it है usually snowy in january. she dislikes pears , bananas , and lemons. the peach है your least liked fruit , but the lime है our least liked. china है शांत during winter , but it है warm in february. california है कभी-कभी cold during autumn , but it है never wet in march. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी snowy during december , and it है never nice in summer. she dislikes grapes , bananas , and apples. the orange है our most loved fruit , but the peach है your most loved. india है usually शांत during autumn , but it है nice in winter. china है कभी-कभी snowy during winter , but it है busy in fall. paris है usually chilly during june , and it है कभी-कभी dry in september. the united states है never शांत during august , but it है never freezing in march. the apple है her favorite fruit , but the orange है my favorite. china है never hot during may , but it है कभी-कभी busy in january. when है he going to the grocery store ? नई जर्सी है hot during winter , but it है busy in november. china है usually pleasant during november , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in spring. her most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but his most loved है the apple. china है mild during fall , and it है never warm in august. their least favorite fruit है the apple , but his least favorite है the strawberry. his most loved fruit है the apple , but her most loved है the banana. he liked that नई black automobile. our least favorite fruit है the apple , but my least favorite है the grape. the lemon है your most loved fruit , but the peach है their most loved. india है कभी-कभी wet during may , and it है कभी-कभी busy in april. he dislikes oranges , lemons , and strawberries. india है dry during october , and it है usually wonderful in autumn. they wanted to go to नई जर्सी last july. the united states है never freezing during april , but it है nice in september. paris है never warm during february , but it है usually rainy in october. the united states है कभी-कभी snowy during december , but it है शांत in september. her most feared animals were snakes. i like oranges , lemons , and grapes. नई जर्सी है never nice during july , but it है usually chilly in june. france है usually beautiful during march , and it है pleasant in november. china है wonderful during fall , but it है never rainy in april. china है कभी-कभी nice during march , but it है never cold in spring. paris है never warm during summer , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in february. california है usually wonderful during march , but it है never warm in autumn. नई जर्सी है usually mild during march , and it है कभी-कभी cold in fall. this cat was my most feared animal. china है never beautiful during march , but it है relaxing in may. he dislikes grapes , bananas , and mangoes. their least favorite fruit है the orange , but her least favorite है the apple. you dislike limes , mangoes , and lemons. the united states है usually nice during june , but it है never cold in july. india है कभी-कभी शांत during december , but it है never cold in september. france है never शांत during october , but it है usually snowy in may. the united states है relaxing during april , but it है usually wonderful in august. she was driving that big yellow truck. california है usually mild during july , and it है usually hot in november. my least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but our least liked है the banana. they like pears , grapefruit , and oranges. the strawberry है my favorite fruit , but the banana है his favorite. the united states है usually warm during winter , but it है usually pleasant in august. नई जर्सी है never hot during march , and it है never wonderful in fall. paris है usually chilly during october , and it है usually wet in winter. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी snowy during january , and it है never शांत in august. her least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but his least favorite है the apple. the lime है her favorite fruit , but the strawberry है his favorite. he likes strawberries , oranges , and apples. the strawberry है your least favorite fruit , but the mango है their least favorite. she likes oranges , lemons , and bananas. she saw that big white truck. he dislikes pears , grapes , and mangoes. china है कभी-कभी cold during spring , and it है कभी-कभी nice in july. my most loved fruit है the lime , but their most loved है the grapefruit. नई जर्सी है never snowy during winter , but it है कभी-कभी wet in august. she likes pears , limes , and lemons. paris है usually snowy during summer , and it है usually pleasant in september. china है relaxing during fall , but it है कभी-कभी dry in february. he might go to नई जर्सी next spring. he dislikes bananas , strawberries , and lemons. your least liked fruit है the pear , but their least liked है the peach. india है never wet during may , but it है never warm in july. france है usually pleasant during january , and it है never rainy in autumn. their least favorite fruit है the mango , but your least favorite है the pear. the united states है wet during july , and it है usually dry in june. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wonderful during autumn , but it है rainy in march. she है driving a old white automobile. your most loved fruit है the apple , but his most loved है the mango. the united states है usually chilly during autumn , but it है usually freezing in july. she likes limes , oranges , and bananas. california है कभी-कभी relaxing during october , but it है mild in november. his least liked fruit है the grape , but their least liked है the strawberry. i like mangoes , limes , and bananas. the pear है her most loved fruit , but the grape है their most loved. the grape है your least liked fruit , but the pear है his least liked. india है dry during june , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in autumn. he dislikes oranges , strawberries , and peaches. india है relaxing during winter , and it है usually pleasant in september. paris है never mild during fall , but it है cold in february. california है wet during november , and it है never pleasant in october. नई जर्सी है mild during august , and it है never freezing in winter. the united states है wet during november , and it है कभी-कभी nice in june. we like pears , strawberries , and lemons. the strawberry है her most loved fruit , but the pear है his most loved. i like pears and strawberries. she liked that big red automobile. she dislikes grapefruit , peaches , and lemons. he है going to paris next summer. china है hot during september , but it है usually rainy in may. california है never mild during april , but it है कभी-कभी warm in june. their most loved fruit है the mango , but his most loved है the lemon. this elephant है her least favorite animal. our least liked fruit है the orange , but my least liked है the mango. you dislike bananas , strawberries , and lemons. he saw that old white truck. we dislike oranges , mangoes , and pears. the united states है never wonderful during october , but it है never pleasant in august. we plan to visit california next august. the strawberry है his least favorite fruit , but the orange है your least favorite. china है never busy during september , but it है usually wonderful in august. नई जर्सी है usually relaxing during fall , and it है usually शांत in winter. they like lemons , grapes , and apples. france है chilly during december. our favorite fruit है the grape. china है usually wonderful during spring , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in autumn. her favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but my favorite है the orange. our least liked fruit है the orange , but my least liked है the lime. france है कभी-कभी snowy during march , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in august. their least favorite fruit है the peach , but your least favorite है the lime. california है usually warm during march , but it है hot in fall. that bear was your favorite animal. paris है never mild during june , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in summer. france है snowy during august , but it है usually cold in january. i plan to visit india next autumn. she saw that shiny black automobile. he likes apples , bananas , and limes. the united states है usually pleasant during february , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in summer. china है never rainy during november , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in february. the apple है their most loved fruit , but the mango है her most loved. she went to california last may. india है शांत during october , but it है mild in december. the united states है never freezing during february , and it है never chilly in november. you dislike peaches , strawberries , and pears. the united states है कभी-कभी cold during fall , but it है wet in october. i dislike grapes and strawberries. india है cold during june , but it है usually hot in november. she है driving that shiny red automobile. the banana है his least favorite fruit. नई जर्सी है nice during spring , but it है chilly in fall. the apple है your least liked fruit , but the lemon है his least liked. china है warm during september , and it है mild in spring. our least liked fruit है the peach , but your least liked है the grape. france है कभी-कभी wet during november , but it है usually wonderful in august. china है कभी-कभी relaxing during september , but it है usually nice in july. india है कभी-कभी mild during winter , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in july. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी chilly during march , but it है never dry in april. california है never freezing during spring , but it है nice in december. california है कभी-कभी cold during may , but it है rainy in summer. china है usually mild during november , and it है wet in february. the peach है her most loved fruit , but the banana है my most loved. india है कभी-कभी pleasant during october , but it है कभी-कभी wet in april. your most loved animal है this snake. france है snowy during january , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in march. india है usually wet during spring , but it है usually pleasant in december. we like oranges , lemons , and bananas. china है never warm during february , but it है शांत in august. our least liked fruit है the grape , but their least liked है the strawberry. my favorite fruit है the grape , but her favorite है the mango. china है hot during spring , but it है usually wet in autumn. he likes grapes , grapefruit , and pears. the bird है his least favorite animal. her least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but his least favorite है the lime. this lion है her favorite animal. india है usually rainy during march , but it है pleasant in autumn. paris है कभी-कभी dry during february , and it है usually warm in may. india है usually wet during may , and it है never busy in january. california है usually chilly during august , but it है usually rainy in october. he likes bananas , oranges , and mangoes. you dislike peaches , oranges , and mangoes. china है never beautiful during september , and it है busy in december. paris है usually nice during december , and it है usually cold in september. the peach है their least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है our least favorite. france है कभी-कभी warm during june , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in april. नई जर्सी है usually freezing during april , and it है usually snowy in july. paris है कभी-कभी relaxing during september , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in june. he dislikes apples and lemons. her least favorite fruit है the peach , but our least favorite है the apple. she drove that old green automobile. india है snowy during june , but it है usually cold in january. my least favorite animal was that horse. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी शांत during winter , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in april. france है usually wonderful during april , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in march. china है usually snowy during april , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in march. the pear है our favorite fruit , but the mango है your favorite. they dislike oranges , limes , and apples. the united states है usually freezing during winter , but it है usually relaxing in october. our favorite fruit है the pear , but his favorite है the peach. france है कभी-कभी wet during summer , but it है usually rainy in february. california है कभी-कभी nice during autumn , and it है usually rainy in may. the orange है her favorite fruit , but the lemon है our favorite. my favorite fruit है the strawberry , but their favorite है the pear. the united states है usually pleasant during autumn , and it है शांत in december. he dislikes oranges , grapes , and peaches. her most loved fruit है the banana , but his most loved है the apple. he dislikes pears. the mouse was his least favorite animal. how was your visit to india last january ? france है usually chilly during may , but it है hot in november. नई जर्सी है busy during november , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in fall. their most loved fruit है the lime , but your most loved है the grapefruit. she dislikes limes. their least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but our least liked है the peach. my least favorite fruit है the banana. france है usually beautiful during may , but it है never wet in june. china है never nice during august , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in may. my least liked fruit है the mango , but their least liked है the peach. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during september , but it है never wonderful in august. california है usually pleasant during december , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in june. she dislikes grapes , grapefruit , and limes. the lemon है our favorite fruit , but the grape है my favorite. china है never busy during november , and it है usually wonderful in december. she likes mangoes , peaches , and apples. india है usually dry during spring , but it है usually nice in summer. paris है usually chilly during fall , but it है never freezing in march. china है never nice during april , and it है never mild in october. they might go to france next october. your most loved fruit है the pear , but our most loved है the lime. my most loved fruit है the apple , but your most loved है the grape. paris है hot during august , but it है snowy in summer. नई जर्सी है usually warm during september , and it है usually wonderful in october. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wet during june , and it है mild in august. the united states है कभी-कभी relaxing during june , but it है usually शांत in winter. california है कभी-कभी rainy during january , but it है snowy in november. california है freezing during march , and it है usually cold in august. she dislikes a नई yellow truck. china है nice during july , and it है कभी-कभी mild in may. the united states है mild during july , and it है never dry in spring. my least liked fruit है the lemon , but her least liked है the apple. india है usually pleasant during summer , but it है dry in january. france है never snowy during winter , but it है relaxing in august. india है never wet during june , but it है hot in winter. they wanted to go to california last july. china है usually hot during september , but it है never relaxing in january. नई जर्सी है beautiful during february , and it है never dry in fall. he है driving that big blue automobile. he dislikes strawberries , mangoes , and limes. she was driving the rusty green car. the grapefruit है our most loved fruit , but the orange है my most loved. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी pleasant during march , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in december. i plan to visit china in spring. paris है usually hot during march , and it है never dry in december. he likes lemons , grapefruit , and limes. paris है usually शांत during october , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in july. india है कभी-कभी beautiful during december , but it है never hot in september. नई जर्सी है mild during october , and it है usually rainy in july. she likes apples and strawberries. the mango है your least liked fruit , but the orange है his least liked. she thinks translating between english and french है difficult. she dislikes mangoes , peaches , and oranges. france है कभी-कभी beautiful during january , and it है usually chilly in spring. they like mangoes , pears , and grapefruit. he likes apples , lemons , and peaches. नई जर्सी है cold during november , and it है beautiful in april. china है usually snowy during june , but it है कभी-कभी dry in may. they are going to india next winter. india है mild during july , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in march. france है usually snowy during october , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in december. the mango है their least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है her least liked. she dislikes the little white automobile. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wet during january , and it है कभी-कभी nice in october. his least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but her least favorite है the orange. you like bananas , mangoes , and peaches. the mango है your least liked fruit , but the pear है his least liked. she है driving that नई green automobile. she likes grapefruit , lemons , and limes. she likes grapes , grapefruit , and limes. the united states है usually beautiful during february , but it है कभी-कभी warm in september. she dislikes a नई green automobile. india है never busy during autumn , but it है freezing in summer. france है never pleasant during august , but it है never busy in november. paris है never snowy during august , but it है busy in december. the mango है his most loved fruit , but the apple है my most loved. india है कभी-कभी rainy during july , but it है never nice in may. he dislikes limes , grapefruit , and bananas. her favorite fruit है the strawberry , but our favorite है the pear. paris है कभी-कभी nice during winter , but it है usually dry in august. the lime है her least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है his least favorite. france है usually busy during winter , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in june. india है wonderful during summer , and it है wet in may. the apple है our least liked fruit , but the pear है their least liked. his favorite fruit है the banana , but your favorite है the peach. france है dry during autumn , but it है never nice in december. the united states है never relaxing during april , and it है usually nice in autumn. the grape है our favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है my favorite. china है chilly during august , and it है usually शांत in autumn. does she like नई जर्सी ? the united states है usually relaxing during winter , but it है never pleasant in spring. your most loved fruit है the apple , but my most loved है the mango. he disliked the little black car. paris है कभी-कभी wet during august , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in november. india है usually chilly during february , but it है wonderful in july. your favorite fruit है the lemon , but my favorite है the lime. the orange है my least liked fruit , but the peach है their least liked. they like peaches , grapefruit , and grapes. your favorite fruit है the strawberry , but her favorite है the grapefruit. india है कभी-कभी rainy during autumn , and it है usually chilly in fall. your most loved fruit है the lime , but my most loved है the mango. india है busy during spring , but it है usually nice in winter. paris है usually dry during april , and it है warm in spring. india है कभी-कभी relaxing during march , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in june. नई जर्सी है usually pleasant during november , but it है कभी-कभी cold in fall. she wants to go to the united states. the pear है her favorite fruit , but the grape है his favorite. the united states है usually busy during winter , and it है mild in september. he likes a नई white car. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during fall , but it है pleasant in september. the united states है never शांत during february , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in fall. they like peaches , oranges , and grapes. he disliked a shiny blue automobile. the grapefruit है her least liked fruit , but the orange है his least liked. he thinks it's fun to translate chinese to portuguese. the lemon है her favorite fruit , but the orange है our favorite. they dislike oranges , strawberries , and apples. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी warm during january , but it है snowy in october. i like grapefruit , oranges , and pears. india है कभी-कभी freezing during january , but it है कभी-कभी hot in august. she likes peaches , bananas , and strawberries. the united states है pleasant during september , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in december. the united states है usually relaxing during winter , and it है freezing in april. she dislikes grapes , lemons , and pears. you like limes , mangoes , and oranges. your favorite fruit है the orange , but their favorite है the lime. india है hot during autumn , but it है usually wonderful in january. the united states है never warm during january , but it है never cold in winter. india है usually pleasant during november , but it है never hot in winter. india है nice during july , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in fall. our least favorite fruit है the pear , but his least favorite है the apple. i dislike limes , bananas , and mangoes. the mango है our least liked fruit , but the lime है their least liked. the lime है my least favorite fruit , but the banana है his least favorite. the united states है pleasant during summer , but it है nice in april. france है busy during january , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in september. the united states है wonderful during winter , and it है never wet in fall. paris है कभी-कभी rainy during october , but it है never dry in may. france है usually warm during winter , but it है freezing in october. paris है never pleasant during spring , and it है rainy in october. paris है कभी-कभी hot during february , but it है busy in march. the united states है freezing during january , and it है usually rainy in may. paris है never freezing during january , but it है wonderful in november. india है never wonderful during november , but it है usually snowy in july. he likes apples and strawberries. india है कभी-कभी busy during march , and it है usually wet in summer. नई जर्सी है never शांत during october , and it है never mild in winter. they like peaches , limes , and pears. california है rainy during august , but it है beautiful in may. नई जर्सी है wet during january , but it है usually busy in september. the apple है her most loved fruit , but the grapefruit है my most loved. california है usually warm during summer , and it है कभी-कभी dry in november. france है hot during may , but it है usually busy in summer. india है snowy during january , but it है usually busy in autumn. you like lemons , grapes , and strawberries. the united states है कभी-कभी beautiful during december , but it है never snowy in autumn. your favorite fruit है the orange , but his favorite है the lime. that horse was my most loved animal. the united states है never wonderful during autumn , but it है never relaxing in august. he likes lemons , mangoes , and oranges. the mango है his favorite fruit , but the orange है our favorite. the orange है her least liked fruit. their least liked fruit है the lemon , but his least liked है the grape. the grapefruit है your most loved fruit , but the orange है our most loved. she likes grapefruit and lemons. you dislike grapes , pears , and strawberries. india है never nice during may , and it है usually relaxing in june. california है कभी-कभी cold during may , and it है never dry in september. paris है कभी-कभी warm during january , but it है never nice in fall. california है mild during april , but it है कभी-कभी nice in august. he drove a big green car. paris है usually pleasant during spring , but it है chilly in may. their favorite fruit है the banana , but your favorite है the mango. you dislike apples , limes , and pears. china है rainy during fall , and it है usually wonderful in autumn. california है never dry during november , and it है snowy in march. the united states है pleasant during september , and it है usually hot in winter. when did she go to the football field ? california है never snowy during spring , but it है कभी-कभी cold in june. california है कभी-कभी शांत during summer , and it है usually relaxing in march. your favorite fruit है the mango , but my favorite है the strawberry. paris है never dry during july , but it है hot in fall. he dislikes lemons , grapes , and apples. the lemon है their favorite fruit , but the lime है his favorite. the grape है his favorite fruit , but the lemon है their favorite. paris है nice during december , and it है never mild in fall. france है कभी-कभी pleasant during december , and it है never busy in spring. france है never busy during spring , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in autumn. she likes apples , mangoes , and grapes. france है rainy during february , but it है never busy in april. the orange है our most loved fruit , but the strawberry है your most loved. नई जर्सी है usually nice during october , but it है शांत in november. california है usually wet during october , and it है never relaxing in summer. india है busy during summer , but it है usually freezing in july. her most loved fruit है the lime , but our most loved है the orange. france है कभी-कभी rainy during october , and it है कभी-कभी cold in december. i dislike grapefruit , pears , and lemons. california है usually warm during july , but it है cold in spring. नई जर्सी है never chilly during december , and it है never wonderful in summer. नई जर्सी है never beautiful during winter , but it है कभी-कभी busy in november. i like limes , strawberries , and apples. the apple है my most loved fruit , but the lemon है our most loved. india है warm during november , and it है शांत in april. the united states है कभी-कभी rainy during winter , but it है कभी-कभी busy in june. the pear है our most loved fruit , but the mango है her most loved. नई जर्सी है never busy during april , but it है never pleasant in november. china है chilly during october , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in april. his most loved animal है this mouse. नई जर्सी है usually warm during autumn , and it है never cold in june. they like pears , oranges , and strawberries. china है usually wet during october , but it है never wonderful in autumn. your favorite animal was that bird. नई जर्सी है never dry during june , and it है कभी-कभी nice in winter. he dislikes peaches , grapes , and grapefruit. she dislikes mangoes and bananas. the pear है their least liked fruit , but the mango है his least liked. he dislikes oranges , lemons , and strawberries. india है कभी-कभी शांत during winter , and it है usually nice in september. she disliked a old green truck. the united states है dry during march , and it है never warm in may. नई जर्सी है usually beautiful during summer , and it है कभी-कभी nice in october. the apple है her least liked fruit , but the mango है their least liked. he likes peaches and oranges. the snake है my least favorite animal. paris है usually rainy during december , and it है wet in april. india है relaxing during december , and it है never nice in september. she thinks translating between spanish and french है fun. the grape है their favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है your favorite. the orange है my favorite fruit , but the strawberry है your favorite. california है कभी-कभी nice during october , and it है never busy in june. california है कभी-कभी cold during autumn , but it है rainy in december. they plan to visit india next february. the lime है my most loved fruit , but the banana है their most loved. the grapefruit है our most loved fruit , but the banana है my most loved. india है कभी-कभी snowy during november , and it है कभी-कभी dry in winter. india है never pleasant during june , but it है beautiful in spring. he drove that big black truck. china है never mild during july , but it है busy in august. india है never wonderful during april , and it है beautiful in february. our favorite fruit है the pear , but their favorite है the lemon. my most loved animals were lions. they wanted to go to india last spring. india है usually cold during may , and it है never freezing in winter. my most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but their most loved है the strawberry. he dislikes apples , strawberries , and limes. she likes pears , grapefruit , and apples. india है usually dry during summer , and it है rainy in may. i dislike grapes , mangoes , and oranges. i dislike oranges , apples , and peaches. paris है never mild during september , but it है freezing in winter. paris है कभी-कभी warm during january , and it है never mild in june. paris है usually beautiful during summer , and it है कभी-कभी mild in autumn. california है never wonderful during april , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in july. he drives the big white truck. france है never dry during june , and it है usually cold in fall. our most loved fruit है the mango , but my most loved है the peach. he liked a big yellow automobile. california है कभी-कभी dry during february , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in september. he dislikes peaches , apples , and lemons. she likes grapes , grapefruit , and oranges. india है cold during fall , and it है never शांत in november. i like mangoes , peaches , and strawberries. he plans to visit the united states next summer. california है never wet during september , but it है usually cold in spring. china है dry during spring , but it है never rainy in december. they like oranges and peaches. they dislike limes , mangoes , and pears. i dislike oranges , apples , and bananas. he likes grapefruit , oranges , and limes. he dislikes that little white car. france है कभी-कभी hot during august , but it है nice in autumn. california है usually wonderful during winter , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in march. their least liked fruit है the orange , but my least liked है the grapefruit. the strawberry है their least favorite fruit , but the orange है her least favorite. paris है never cold during spring , but it है कभी-कभी mild in september. नई जर्सी है nice during winter , and it है never pleasant in november. the lemon है my least liked fruit , but the grape है their least liked. he likes apples , lemons , and grapes. india है usually nice during june , but it है usually chilly in february. paris है chilly during december , and it है never snowy in fall. paris है usually relaxing during spring , and it है कभी-कभी mild in march. france है usually pleasant during winter , and it है never busy in january. india है usually rainy during summer , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in spring. he dislikes peaches , lemons , and oranges. my least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but your least liked है the orange. france है usually warm during winter , but it है usually शांत in october. the united states है usually nice during march , but it है never snowy in fall. my least favorite fruit है the orange , but her least favorite है the grapefruit. the strawberry है her favorite fruit , but the peach है our favorite. india है relaxing during fall , but it है chilly in spring. he है driving that नई green car. her most loved fruit है the lemon , but our most loved है the pear. china है never beautiful during june , but it है कभी-कभी dry in november. i like oranges , grapes , and limes. she dislikes limes , lemons , and strawberries. the grapefruit है his most loved fruit , but the strawberry है our most loved. he wants to go to paris next march. the strawberry है his least liked fruit , but the peach है your least liked. you like bananas , oranges , and mangoes. california है busy during april , and it है never relaxing in fall. his most loved fruit है the peach , but her most loved है the apple. france है mild during june , and it है कभी-कभी hot in october. the united states है usually chilly during winter , and it है usually relaxing in autumn. our least favorite fruit है the apple , but her least favorite है the strawberry. paris है beautiful during december , but it है never hot in august. he likes peaches and grapes. california है never dry during november , and it है usually warm in july. नई जर्सी है usually busy during january , but it है usually freezing in september. france है dry during march , and it है कभी-कभी mild in january. you like bananas , apples , and peaches. i dislike oranges , pears , and mangoes. china है never busy during march , and it है cold in december. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी freezing during fall , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in june. california है कभी-कभी nice during may , but it है never dry in january. india है कभी-कभी hot during july , and it है snowy in september. she dislikes apples , bananas , and pears. i like peaches , mangoes , and grapefruit. china है never hot during november , and it है usually rainy in august. france है कभी-कभी beautiful during october , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in september. the united states है usually warm during summer , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in april. their least liked fruit है the lemon , but her least liked है the apple. नई जर्सी है never pleasant during february , but it है never nice in july. we plan to visit नई जर्सी next fall. the lemon है their favorite fruit , but the banana है his favorite. california है usually beautiful during january , but it है wet in winter. the strawberry है her favorite fruit , but the pear है their favorite. china है never cold during february , but it है wonderful in june. india है कभी-कभी beautiful during february , and it है wonderful in september. the peach है her least liked fruit , but the grape है our least liked. the united states है usually rainy during november , and it है never chilly in december. france है usually nice during july , and it है usually hot in september. china है कभी-कभी relaxing during january , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in september. his least liked fruit है the lemon , but her least liked है the strawberry. his least liked fruit है the strawberry , but her least liked है the pear. california है कभी-कभी pleasant during september , but it है chilly in march. the banana है their least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है his least favorite. paris है usually pleasant during fall , but it है never dry in june. नई जर्सी है dry during december , but it है never chilly in july. china है never freezing during february , but it है usually warm in spring. our least liked fruit है the grape , but his least liked है the pear. california है कभी-कभी wonderful during september , but it है never dry in fall. paris है usually relaxing during february , and it है dry in summer. france है usually busy during august , but it है never chilly in october. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during march , but it है usually warm in july. the banana है her most loved fruit , but the grape है your most loved. the lemon है our least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है her least liked. france है never chilly during winter , but it है never mild in march. china है never dry during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी hot in fall. paris है कभी-कभी शांत during march , and it है chilly in may. paris है pleasant during winter , but it है never wonderful in november. france है कभी-कभी warm during fall , but it है शांत in october. she disliked a shiny green car. bananas are my least liked fruit. china है usually beautiful during february , and it है usually wet in april. they wanted to go to paris last spring. paris है usually warm during march , but it है usually hot in april. my least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but their least favorite है the banana. i like lemons and mangoes. the united states है never busy during may , but it है beautiful in february. she है driving that little red truck. china है never mild during august , and it है कभी-कभी dry in december. paris है कभी-कभी relaxing during september , and it है usually mild in february. california है relaxing during summer , but it है never wet in september. their most loved fruit है the pear , but your most loved है the grape. the lime है our most loved fruit , but the grape है her most loved. china है pleasant during february , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in december. china है warm during november , but it है chilly in january. she likes oranges , mangoes , and strawberries. china है usually busy during april , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in july. you dislike pears , grapefruit , and strawberries. नई जर्सी है freezing during winter , and it है usually wonderful in september. my favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but our favorite है the strawberry. india है कभी-कभी freezing during april , and it है usually beautiful in may. the apple है our least liked fruit , but the strawberry है my least liked. my least favorite fruit है the grape , but their least favorite है the lemon. the banana है their most loved fruit , but the orange है my most loved. the united states है usually snowy during december , but it है कभी-कभी nice in may. नई जर्सी है usually busy during august , and it है pleasant in february. he dislikes grapefruit , mangoes , and pears. she plans to visit california next august. the united states है कभी-कभी mild during spring , and it है never chilly in december. he likes bananas , peaches , and grapefruit. he likes strawberries , bananas , and grapefruit. paris है कभी-कभी freezing during august , but it है never rainy in april. he likes bananas , pears , and mangoes. they like mangoes , peaches , and strawberries. her most loved fruit है the apple , but our most loved है the lemon. paris है शांत during november , and it है never wet in february. paris है कभी-कभी dry during november , and it है usually wonderful in march. california है usually freezing during winter , and it है cold in spring. नई जर्सी है usually rainy during fall , and it है never warm in july. paris है usually beautiful during december , but it है usually freezing in autumn. my least favorite fruit है the grape , but her least favorite है the mango. their least liked fruit है the strawberry , but your least liked है the lime. her most loved fruit है the lemon , but our most loved है the strawberry. we like grapes , limes , and mangoes. india है cold during october , and it है never beautiful in september. india है usually wonderful during june , and it है usually pleasant in october. he drove a rusty red car. france है usually warm during november , and it है never cold in july. california है कभी-कभी chilly during february , but it है usually rainy in january. our most loved fruit है the orange , but his most loved है the strawberry. he dislikes the old green truck. she likes lemons , strawberries , and grapefruit. paris है usually cold during february , and it है usually wet in may. he likes limes , apples , and mangoes. we like strawberries , peaches , and mangoes. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wonderful during november , but it है never rainy in july. china है usually nice during november , and it है never busy in march. the united states है usually hot during june , and it है usually cold in july. paris है never rainy during september , and it है कभी-कभी busy in may. the pear है his most loved fruit , but the grape है their most loved. the apple है her least liked fruit , but the lime है their least liked. your least favorite fruit है the peach , but our least favorite है the grapefruit. she likes strawberries , pears , and lemons. the apple है my most loved fruit , but the orange है their most loved. he है driving the big green truck. नई जर्सी है usually beautiful during december , and it है never mild in august. am i going to the united states ? france है usually beautiful during summer , but it है pleasant in august. the banana है her least liked fruit , but the apple है your least liked. our most loved fruit है the apple , but your most loved है the peach. the united states है usually शांत during october , and it है never warm in july. नई जर्सी है usually mild during summer , but it है usually cold in autumn. our least liked fruit है the pear , but your least liked है the apple. california है usually mild during july , but it है usually cold in autumn. china है कभी-कभी mild during december , and it है never शांत in autumn. you like mangoes , limes , and oranges. their least liked fruit है the peach , but his least liked है the strawberry. china है usually wonderful during autumn , and it है never nice in april. she drives the old yellow automobile. नई जर्सी है usually busy during march , and it है usually wonderful in fall. she likes oranges , peaches , and apples. paris है usually dry during october , but it है freezing in december. paris है never chilly during january , but it है usually cold in february. china है usually warm during may , but it है कभी-कभी nice in august. paris है mild during july , and it है कभी-कभी nice in winter. their least liked fruit है the orange , but your least liked है the banana. india है never wonderful during april , and it है never hot in october. नई जर्सी है never chilly during march , but it है never wet in autumn. their least liked fruit है the peach , but her least liked है the banana. they dislike bananas , lemons , and oranges. india है usually snowy during winter , and it है कभी-कभी busy in spring. he likes mangoes and oranges. paris है कभी-कभी hot during december , and it है never pleasant in summer. they dislike lemons , grapes , and grapefruit. my least favorite fruit है the grape , but her least favorite है the lemon. france है dry during may , and it है wet in january. my most loved fruit है the lemon , but your most loved है the banana. india है कभी-कभी pleasant during january , and it है warm in autumn. she drives that little yellow automobile. he dislikes mangoes , bananas , and apples. the united states है usually busy during autumn , and it है usually wet in february. the lemon है her least favorite fruit , but the apple है his least favorite. india है usually mild during april , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in spring. we like grapes , mangoes , and grapefruit. california है nice during september , and it है usually snowy in november. she dislikes grapes , lemons , and peaches. california है कभी-कभी wonderful during june , but it है never cold in february. नई जर्सी है शांत during spring , but it है chilly in october. he likes strawberries , grapes , and pears. france है कभी-कभी nice during may , but it है snowy in winter. the united states है कभी-कभी rainy during july , but it है usually relaxing in november. the strawberry है our least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है her least favorite. we dislike grapes , limes , and grapefruit. the lemon है our least liked fruit , but the mango है his least liked. france है usually cold during november , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in winter. france है never cold during june , but it है never beautiful in spring. she likes lemons , mangoes , and oranges. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during fall , and it है never wonderful in january. she dislikes oranges , grapes , and lemons. france है कभी-कभी busy during winter , but it है never beautiful in january. the apple है your most loved fruit , but the pear है our most loved. california है snowy during autumn , but it है usually pleasant in august. india है कभी-कभी wet during february , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in winter. she likes limes , peaches , and strawberries. paris है never freezing during july , and it है usually relaxing in august. they plan to visit france next winter. the united states है relaxing during winter , but it है never nice in may. california है कभी-कभी cold during january , but it है wet in august. नई जर्सी है never beautiful during november , and it है usually dry in july. france है usually mild during september , but it है कभी-कभी hot in spring. paris है never pleasant during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in january. france है usually relaxing during may , and it है कभी-कभी busy in september. paris है never nice during july , and it है never dry in november. नई जर्सी है usually cold during december , but it है कभी-कभी nice in fall. my least favorite fruit है the apple , but his least favorite है the peach. france है never chilly during september , and it है never dry in summer. france है never rainy during october , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in autumn. california है never wonderful during january , but it है pleasant in july. california है rainy during fall , but it है usually nice in august. france है कभी-कभी wet during july , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in september. india है pleasant during fall , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in winter. her least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but their least favorite है the orange. my least favorite fruit है the pear , but her least favorite है the grape. france है never relaxing during december , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in october. i dislike limes , grapes , and pears. they dislike bananas and peaches. the united states है nice during september , and it है never relaxing in july. china है usually mild during december , but it है usually snowy in january. she dislikes lemons , grapefruit , and pears. she likes limes , strawberries , and mangoes. california है never busy during november , but it है relaxing in march. california है never freezing during autumn , but it है mild in january. india है never dry during july , but it है pleasant in september. china है कभी-कभी hot during september , and it है never rainy in november. i dislike mangoes , grapefruit , and strawberries. our least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but their least liked है the pear. नई जर्सी है never nice during april , and it है dry in june. their least favorite fruit है the lime , but our least favorite है the banana. the grapefruit है our least favorite fruit , but the peach है her least favorite. he dislikes mangoes , oranges , and grapes. california है कभी-कभी snowy during june , but it है usually nice in april. the lime है our favorite fruit , but the mango है their favorite. china है freezing during january , but it है usually pleasant in november. india है usually nice during july , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in october. paris है कभी-कभी wonderful during february , but it है never snowy in september. india है freezing during fall , and it है usually wonderful in february. he dislikes grapes , apples , and grapefruit. she liked the old black truck. he dislikes limes , bananas , and mangoes. france है कभी-कभी wet during july , but it है कभी-कभी cold in winter. our least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but my least liked है the banana. the strawberry है my least favorite fruit , but the peach है their least favorite. she likes lemons , strawberries , and peaches. india है कभी-कभी chilly during september , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in summer. he likes peaches , bananas , and strawberries. नई जर्सी है beautiful during summer , but it है wet in march. paris है कभी-कभी dry during november , and it है कभी-कभी warm in january. she likes oranges and pears. the united states है कभी-कभी cold during march , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in october. the grapefruit है your least liked fruit , but the mango है their least liked. they are going to नई जर्सी next january. the united states है pleasant during december , but it है nice in october. france है never freezing during august , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in march. he dislikes mangoes , limes , and grapefruit. the mango है her most loved fruit , but the lemon है our most loved. their least favorite fruit है the apple , but your least favorite है the pear. china है usually hot during december , and it है never warm in july. our most loved fruit है the grape. california है शांत during spring , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in autumn. the strawberry है their most loved fruit , but the grape है his most loved. he disliked that old red automobile. i dislike peaches , oranges , and apples. she drove a नई green car. her least liked fruit है the pear , but our least liked है the mango. the united states है कभी-कभी busy during fall. the grape है their most loved fruit , but the orange है his most loved. california है कभी-कभी hot during march , but it है usually relaxing in june. the united states है never wet during may , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in summer. china है never mild during fall , and it है chilly in july. the united states है usually शांत during june , but it है never warm in december. she dislikes grapes , oranges , and peaches. india है wet during august , but it है never chilly in september. france है rainy during march , and it है शांत in summer. the orange है his least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है our least favorite. the lime है your favorite fruit , but the grape है his favorite. she wants to go to france next winter. he liked the big yellow car. he dislikes pears , strawberries , and grapefruit. the united states है कभी-कभी beautiful during autumn , and it है warm in february. the mango है our least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है her least liked. my least liked fruit है the banana , but her least liked है the lime. the orange है their most loved fruit , but the lime है my most loved. paris है कभी-कभी mild during december , but it है कभी-कभी hot in summer. india है hot during summer , and it है never chilly in february. the united states है usually snowy during may , but it है never relaxing in june. paris है कभी-कभी mild during january , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in september. california है never chilly during october , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in summer. her favorite fruit है the lemon , but his favorite है the grape. the grape है your least liked fruit , but the apple है his least liked. she might go to नई जर्सी next spring. france है कभी-कभी cold during winter , and it है कभी-कभी nice in summer. she likes grapes , lemons , and apples. the united states है usually dry during february , but it है freezing in december. the banana है their least favorite fruit , but the apple है her least favorite. france है कभी-कभी mild during spring , but it है usually nice in fall. france है usually busy during autumn , and it है never mild in fall. she disliked the shiny blue car. the united states है कभी-कभी freezing during october , and it है never wet in february. china है never busy during january , but it है beautiful in december. the lemon है his least favorite fruit , but the lime है your least favorite. california है कभी-कभी nice during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी wet in november. we like grapefruit , grapes , and pears. france है never pleasant during august , and it है usually wonderful in march. he likes bananas , strawberries , and grapefruit. france है never wonderful during spring , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in january. paris है never cold during may , but it है never nice in spring. california है usually beautiful during may , but it है never dry in september. she likes bananas , peaches , and grapefruit. the mango है my least favorite fruit , but the lemon है your least favorite. france है wet during may , but it है never wonderful in october. india है usually wonderful during winter , but it है कभी-कभी cold in july. she dislikes peaches , apples , and mangoes. california है nice during summer , but it है rainy in february. france है कभी-कभी dry during november , but it है never rainy in february. california है chilly during october , and it है usually beautiful in june. she dislikes mangoes , limes , and bananas. she likes apples , peaches , and strawberries. the peach है her least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है your least favorite. france है never cold during april , and it है usually warm in august. their least liked fruit है the pear , but my least liked है the apple. china है usually nice during april , but it है usually chilly in september. she drove that shiny blue automobile. the united states है usually busy during february , and it है कभी-कभी wet in fall. india है hot during march , but it है शांत in february. you like limes , bananas , and mangoes. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी hot during september , and it है wonderful in spring. china है never hot during april , but it है never rainy in spring. the apple है their favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है my favorite. her least favorite fruit है the banana , but his least favorite है the grapefruit. the grape है her favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है your favorite. you like limes , strawberries , and mangoes. paris है wonderful during spring , but it है usually snowy in summer. नई जर्सी है never relaxing during april , and it है never warm in december. he likes mangoes , pears , and strawberries. he might go to california next july. california है usually pleasant during may , and it है कभी-कभी mild in april. india है कभी-कभी nice during february , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in january. paris है chilly during winter , and it है कभी-कभी warm in august. the united states है mild during autumn , and it है never warm in winter. why did they go to france ? he likes lemons , peaches , and strawberries. they dislike apples , bananas , and limes. he likes a big black truck. he likes mangoes , strawberries , and grapefruit. california है never cold during july , but it है कभी-कभी dry in march. snakes are his most feared animals. that dog was my favorite animal. paris है usually hot during january , but it है usually warm in february. france है कभी-कभी nice during march , and it है usually dry in april. her least liked fruit है the strawberry , but my least liked है the grape. paris है usually wonderful during september , and it है कभी-कभी wet in april. the peach है your least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है our least liked. france है warm during may , but it है never hot in february. paris है usually warm during june , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in august. he likes apples , limes , and lemons. the grape है her least liked fruit , but the orange है their least liked. the united states है never nice during october , and it है never busy in fall. paris है usually beautiful during october , and it है कभी-कभी warm in summer. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी cold during july , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in may. it's fun to translate spanish to english. he dislikes peaches and grapes. the united states है nice during july , and it है usually शांत in october. china है never relaxing during september , and it है snowy in april. the united states है mild during october , but it है never cold in summer. china है never dry during autumn , but it है freezing in october. france है usually nice during july , and it है कभी-कभी wet in autumn. the orange है their favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है your favorite. france है never busy during january , and it है never chilly in october. california है usually dry during august , but it है beautiful in summer. paris है usually warm during december , but it है usually nice in summer. india है कभी-कभी wonderful during july , and it है कभी-कभी nice in november. california है never chilly during june , but it है relaxing in september. your least liked fruit है the mango. the mango है our least liked fruit , but the pear है their least liked. he dislikes apples and pears. california है कभी-कभी rainy during spring , but it है never freezing in february. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during june , and it है freezing in may. you dislike pears , grapes , and mangoes. paris है कभी-कभी busy during december , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in autumn. california है कभी-कभी शांत during july , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in summer. my favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but your favorite है the pear. the grape है her least favorite fruit , but the banana है his least favorite. california है snowy during november , and it है warm in september. california है never beautiful during winter , but it है never wet in july. she went to india last march. india है usually rainy during january , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in april. their least liked fruit है the mango , but our least liked है the apple. she saw that shiny white car. your most loved fruit है the apple , but their most loved है the lime. my most loved animal है that shark. that mouse है his most feared animal. france है कभी-कभी शांत during january , but it है usually snowy in winter. california है usually nice during june , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in autumn. he likes lemons , oranges , and limes. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during september , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in june. their least favorite fruit है the mango , but our least favorite है the lemon. china है usually dry during november , but it है never wet in april. china है usually dry during june , but it है beautiful in september. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during june , and it है pleasant in july. paris है never warm during autumn , but it है never chilly in summer. india है wonderful during autumn , but it है never busy in september. france है warm during january , and it है chilly in october. he likes lemons , limes , and grapefruit. she likes grapefruit , strawberries , and pears. california है never wonderful during summer , and it है usually mild in february. china है usually wet during september , and it है usually rainy in february. china है कभी-कभी freezing during march , and it है busy in november. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी nice during december , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in june. the lemon है our least liked fruit , but the banana है her least liked. her least favorite fruit है the banana , but his least favorite है the orange. her least liked fruit है the peach , but our least liked है the lemon. paris है कभी-कभी dry during winter , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in spring. your least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but her least favorite है the banana. she dislikes bananas , pears , and peaches. paris है never mild during september , and it है usually snowy in february. नई जर्सी है usually chilly during november , and it है usually beautiful in july. paris है cold during september , but it है relaxing in june. california है कभी-कभी wonderful during october , and it है nice in spring. india है कभी-कभी relaxing during july , but it है कभी-कभी nice in january. france है usually dry during january , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in september. the banana है her most loved fruit , but the lemon है your most loved. they are going to the united states next october. the united states है usually rainy during january , and it है usually cold in fall. he dislikes grapes , apples , and oranges. california है usually busy during october , and it है never wet in november. paris है usually snowy during july , but it है never cold in april. china है never wet during march , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in autumn. california है कभी-कभी mild during spring , and it है कभी-कभी busy in summer. our least favorite fruit है the orange , but their least favorite है the mango. france है never beautiful during winter , but it है usually freezing in august. he dislikes grapefruit , mangoes , and peaches. i dislike lemons and oranges. france है usually wet during january , but it है never wonderful in may. the united states है usually beautiful during october , but it है usually wet in september. california है usually wonderful during october , and it है never beautiful in march. his most loved fruit है the orange , but their most loved है the lemon. china है hot during fall , but it है कभी-कभी wonderful in spring. she likes mangoes , strawberries , and apples. france है dry during fall , but it है कभी-कभी शांत in june. paris है warm during spring , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in winter. that dog है his most feared animal. california है never rainy during summer , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in october. the orange है his most loved fruit , but the mango है your most loved. the united states है कभी-कभी chilly during september , but it है never wonderful in february. california है usually freezing during summer , and it है mild in december. the united states है dry during spring , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in july. paris है wet during december , but it है cold in may. he dislikes oranges , limes , and strawberries. california है warm during autumn , but it है never शांत in april. china है never rainy during september , but it है busy in autumn. paris है never relaxing during july , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in autumn. china है busy during october , and it है never mild in november. france है usually शांत during july , and it है usually warm in august. our least favorite fruit है the pear , but her least favorite है the strawberry. paris है beautiful during february , but it है usually freezing in autumn. france है busy during february , but it है hot in may. the pear है our favorite fruit , but the orange है their favorite. india है usually wonderful during november , and it है usually pleasant in july. china है usually beautiful during july , but it है never warm in june. california है usually relaxing during february , but it है usually nice in september. the united states है snowy during march , but it है busy in fall. the peach है your favorite fruit , but the apple है their favorite. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी relaxing during march , but it है usually pleasant in february. the orange है my least liked fruit , but the lime है her least liked. her favorite fruit है the pear , but our favorite है the orange. china है कभी-कभी wonderful during september , but it है usually cold in august. california है usually rainy during november , and it है never snowy in september. france है pleasant during january , but it है never snowy in may. california है relaxing during february , and it है pleasant in may. नई जर्सी है snowy during spring , and it है pleasant in september. the strawberry है her least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है my least favorite. the united states है never beautiful during august , but it है usually busy in july. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during fall , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in november. china है usually hot during june , and it है never mild in spring. california है usually warm during january , but it है कभी-कभी nice in autumn. he dislikes pears , apples , and grapes. we dislike limes , pears , and grapefruit. india है warm during april , and it है dry in summer. china है never nice during spring , and it है कभी-कभी cold in fall. china है freezing during may , and it है warm in march. france है usually warm during november , and it है usually dry in december. i like bananas , limes , and oranges. his most loved fruit है the banana , but my most loved है the pear. california है कभी-कभी freezing during october , and it है कभी-कभी nice in april. her favorite animal was the snake. india है कभी-कभी relaxing during july , and it है never wonderful in june. paris है warm during april , but it है usually wonderful in may. the united states है snowy during february , and it है never wet in march. i like grapes , strawberries , and grapefruit. india है कभी-कभी mild during january , but it है usually wonderful in july. california है never pleasant during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी hot in september. peaches are her favorite fruit. he dislikes strawberries , grapes , and mangoes. lemons are our least liked fruit. california है never beautiful during october , and it है usually relaxing in september. i dislike pears , peaches , and strawberries. you dislike lemons , oranges , and grapes. the peach है my least favorite fruit , but the lime है her least favorite. india है usually wonderful during autumn , and it है usually hot in july. california है pleasant during january , and it है usually rainy in august. नई जर्सी है never mild during april , but it है usually cold in february. नई जर्सी है never शांत during march , but it है usually pleasant in spring. my least favorite fruit है the mango , but her least favorite है the lime. do you think translating between french and chinese है easy ? california है snowy during february , and it है warm in autumn. california है never शांत during summer , and it है never cold in november. she likes apples , oranges , and mangoes. california है कभी-कभी relaxing during fall , and it है कभी-कभी freezing in spring. paris है relaxing during october , and it है कभी-कभी nice in september. my favorite fruit है the apple , but her favorite है the banana. our most loved fruit है the grape , but my most loved है the pear. the orange है her favorite fruit , but the grape है his favorite. india है never hot during june , and it है never nice in january. france है usually chilly during august , and it है कभी-कभी warm in autumn. i like lemons , peaches , and grapefruit. india है usually mild during spring , and it है कभी-कभी wet in february. she was driving a नई yellow truck. china है never pleasant during april , and it है usually wonderful in august. california है freezing during august , and it है कभी-कभी warm in march. she dislikes apples , peaches , and pears. our favorite fruit है the orange , but her favorite है the apple. the mango है his favorite fruit , but the apple है your favorite. california है snowy during october , and it है beautiful in summer. he dislikes pears , oranges , and grapes. the united states है warm during fall , but it है mild in march. he likes bananas , grapefruit , and strawberries. california है never snowy during autumn , and it है never nice in july. i think translating between portuguese and english है difficult. china है usually wet during september , and it है कभी-कभी relaxing in march. she dislikes limes , strawberries , and peaches. california है usually cold during october , and it है mild in summer. the united states है never warm during december , and it है hot in august. he likes the नई green truck. france है usually freezing during september , but it है rainy in march. california है chilly during december , but it है never शांत in january. the lemon है their most loved fruit , but the banana है our most loved. the united states है never freezing during february , and it है never warm in autumn. he thinks it है fun to translate between english and chinese. she likes bananas , limes , and pears. france है कभी-कभी cold during february , and it है usually rainy in september. france है never beautiful during spring , but it है never relaxing in summer. their least liked fruit है the lime , but his least liked है the apple. france है never snowy during june , and it है never busy in november. the united states है warm during april , and it है never freezing in june. नई जर्सी है never nice during fall , and it है usually rainy in may. the banana है my favorite fruit , but the peach है her favorite. india है snowy during december , and it है never warm in autumn. india है usually chilly during october , but it है usually nice in may. your least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but my least favorite है the grape. the lemon है his least favorite fruit , but the peach है our least favorite. your most loved fruit है the lime , but his most loved है the grapefruit. the united states है कभी-कभी dry during october , but it है never rainy in january. california है never relaxing during may , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in june. we dislike mangoes , bananas , and pears. france है busy during july , but it है dry in winter. india है कभी-कभी freezing during april , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in spring. china है कभी-कभी शांत during january , and it है usually nice in july. california है usually wonderful during spring , but it है usually pleasant in winter. paris है usually beautiful during summer , but it है usually mild in october. your least liked fruit है the pear , but her least liked है the lime. he was driving that rusty yellow automobile. she saw that shiny white truck. she likes bananas , peaches , and grapes. she drove the little red truck. paris है rainy during june , but it है nice in september. she likes mangoes , oranges , and limes. the united states है dry during summer , but it है never nice in august. china है usually snowy during winter , and it है never relaxing in spring. france है usually relaxing during winter , but it है कभी-कभी dry in august. नई जर्सी है never शांत during july , but it है usually cold in august. the united states है कभी-कभी relaxing during january , and it है never pleasant in august. china है rainy during march , and it है never शांत in autumn. california है कभी-कभी warm during september , but it है usually rainy in april. paris है warm during fall , and it है never rainy in march. china है dry during fall , and it है कभी-कभी hot in march. the united states है कभी-कभी beautiful during may , but it है usually relaxing in june. paris है कभी-कभी wet during summer , but it है कभी-कभी cold in winter. your most loved animals were rabbits. his least liked fruit है the lemon , but our least liked है the peach. california है usually pleasant during november , and it है chilly in fall. france है freezing during february , but it है never snowy in october. he drives a old yellow car. the mango है my least favorite fruit , but the banana है their least favorite. the united states है never शांत during autumn , but it है pleasant in december. नई जर्सी है relaxing during august , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in spring. the united states है usually chilly during winter , and it है never dry in autumn. paris है pleasant during november , and it है usually hot in august. his least liked fruit है the grapefruit , but my least liked है the grape. my least favorite fruit है the lime , but his least favorite है the pear. paris है never cold during april , and it है usually freezing in may. you dislike strawberries , peaches , and mangoes. california है usually dry during august , but it है never warm in april. china है never relaxing during october , and it है कभी-कभी cold in november. your favorite fruit है the banana , but her favorite है the peach. her least favorite fruit है the orange , but your least favorite है the grapefruit. california है wet during march , and it है usually mild in september. china है never dry during march , but it है usually mild in february. their least liked fruit है the lemon , but our least liked है the pear. she likes lemons , mangoes , and limes. नई जर्सी है busy during march , but it है usually शांत in may. paris है कभी-कभी freezing during spring , and it है never beautiful in january. his most loved animal है the bear. california है beautiful during february , and it है usually wonderful in november. india है wonderful during december , but it है कभी-कभी dry in january. france है usually cold during december , and it है usually wet in september. he likes strawberries , pears , and peaches. they like peaches , strawberries , and pears. paris है warm during october , but it है usually freezing in winter. china है busy during june , and it है कभी-कभी nice in august. their least liked fruit है the lemon , but your least liked है the strawberry. france है usually busy during may , but it है कभी-कभी warm in fall. the pear है their least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है your least favorite. paris है कभी-कभी beautiful during july , but it है busy in winter. california है usually wet during july , but it है cold in january. france है कभी-कभी relaxing during spring , but it है कभी-कभी hot in november. france है never rainy during autumn , and it है usually warm in february. this elephant है his most feared animal. india है beautiful during april , but it है snowy in december. india है pleasant during spring , but it है usually snowy in november. he likes apples , grapes , and grapefruit. france है कभी-कभी dry during january , and it है never chilly in march. the united states है warm during january , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in december. he dislikes a shiny black automobile. his favorite fruit है the grape , but our favorite है the pear. he dislikes mangoes , grapes , and oranges. he likes lemons , grapes , and strawberries. she dislikes pears and bananas. he likes oranges , strawberries , and grapes. the united states है usually wonderful during february , and it है usually mild in september. he dislikes peaches , grapes , and apples. france है कभी-कभी pleasant during january , but it है never hot in april. india है कभी-कभी शांत during february , and it है usually freezing in may. paris है never mild during august , and it है कभी-कभी warm in november. california है usually cold during fall , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in october. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी dry during november , but it है cold in september. china है usually wonderful during may , but it है cold in february. the lime है her favorite fruit , but the grape है my favorite. california है कभी-कभी cold during february , and it है never wonderful in summer. my least favorite fruit है the banana , but her least favorite है the grapefruit. france है never snowy during december , but it है usually wet in february. the united states है never wonderful during october , but it है never hot in november. she dislikes mangoes , pears , and lemons. china है pleasant during august , and it है chilly in september. my least liked fruit है the orange , but her least liked है the grapefruit. california है usually freezing during december , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in may. india है कभी-कभी dry during june , and it है कभी-कभी शांत in april. paris है never busy during may , but it है pleasant in november. the banana है her least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है his least favorite. paris है never freezing during summer , and it है nice in march. france है never relaxing during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी warm in june. they went to नई जर्सी last winter. the united states है कभी-कभी rainy during may , but it है usually nice in september. india है never mild during july , but it है never wet in june. india है beautiful during june , but it है chilly in autumn. paris है never freezing during july , but it है कभी-कभी wet in may. paris है never freezing during spring , and it है कभी-कभी nice in july. he likes apples , grapefruit , and strawberries. california है usually warm during january , but it है usually शांत in july. california है cold during april , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in summer. his most loved fruit है the peach , but your most loved है the apple. he wanted to go to france. paris है usually शांत during september , and it है never snowy in winter. my least favorite fruit है the apple , but their least favorite है the strawberry. we like peaches and limes. they plan to visit the united states in february. नई जर्सी है dry during autumn , and it है usually beautiful in march. paris है never wet during january , and it है nice in february. france है कभी-कभी chilly during january , but it है never freezing in september. he likes lemons , peaches , and bananas. their least favorite fruit है the grape , but our least favorite है the peach. the united states है busy during summer , but it है कभी-कभी rainy in october. नई जर्सी है mild during autumn , but it है usually wet in february. they plan to visit the united states next september. his least liked fruit है the orange , but my least liked है the pear. she was driving a big green automobile. india है usually freezing during february , and it है कभी-कभी warm in winter. their least favorite fruit है the orange , but his least favorite है the lime. france है कभी-कभी busy during august , but it है never snowy in april. their most loved fruit है the pear , but her most loved है the apple. the pear है their most loved fruit , but the apple है her most loved. france है usually freezing during february , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in spring. india है cold during march , but it है कभी-कभी busy in summer. california है कभी-कभी warm during may , but it है never pleasant in december. china है never freezing during summer , but it है never शांत in autumn. the united states है never cold during june , but it है शांत in summer. he wanted to go to california last fall. california है never chilly during winter , and it है never wet in april. his least liked fruit है the mango , but their least liked है the banana. the grapefruit है her most loved fruit , but the strawberry है your most loved. china है pleasant during december , and it है freezing in autumn. california है warm during august , but it है never cold in june. he dislikes mangoes , grapefruit , and strawberries. the united states है कभी-कभी freezing during november , and it है busy in fall. india है कभी-कभी relaxing during spring , but it है usually hot in august. she dislikes grapefruit and lemons. we like peaches , lemons , and grapes. she thinks it's difficult to translate portuguese to spanish. india है usually dry during may , but it है wet in august. india है usually beautiful during march , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in august. the elephant was his most feared animal. the united states है never cold during autumn , and it है rainy in october. california है usually hot during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in november. we dislike peaches , grapefruit , and grapes. california है usually शांत during december , and it है never cold in july. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी dry during december , and it है never mild in autumn. नई जर्सी है beautiful during summer , but it है relaxing in january. their favorite fruit है the grape , but her favorite है the peach. your favorite fruit है the lime , but their favorite है the strawberry. the united states है never cold during autumn , but it है pleasant in summer. the lemon है your least favorite fruit , but the grape है his least favorite. china है nice during december , and it है warm in july. china है usually nice during september , but it है usually snowy in august. they might go to india next november. the peach है her favorite fruit , but the banana है his favorite. नई जर्सी है never dry during june , and it है कभी-कभी cold in september. the united states है relaxing during spring , and it है usually snowy in august. the mango है our least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit है her least favorite. he likes limes , pears , and oranges. france है busy during october , but it है never chilly in june. he likes limes , peaches , and grapes. france है busy during march , and it है cold in autumn. paris है never warm during february , but it है शांत in september. california है usually hot during winter , but it है cold in july. california है never relaxing during january , and it है usually beautiful in november. china है freezing during summer , but it है usually snowy in august. your least liked fruit है the orange , but our least liked है the lemon. i like bananas , grapefruit , and peaches. california है usually dry during february , and it है busy in spring. paris है कभी-कभी chilly during spring , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in january. she drove a old blue truck. paris है rainy during winter , but it है never hot in fall. india है कभी-कभी शांत during january , but it है busy in august. i like mangoes , bananas , and peaches. california है never snowy during november , and it है usually busy in december. california है usually freezing during october , and it है usually beautiful in november. the lime है her favorite fruit , but the pear है his favorite. china है never pleasant during fall , and it है कभी-कभी dry in autumn. paris है never warm during october , and it है never शांत in autumn. we dislike grapes , oranges , and grapefruit. the strawberry है your least liked fruit , but the lime है their least liked. california है never dry during august , and it है usually wet in december. france है busy during november , but it है usually wonderful in summer. france है कभी-कभी dry during winter , and it है usually chilly in summer. china है कभी-कभी freezing during june , and it है never dry in november. my least liked fruit है the mango , but their least liked है the orange. france है कभी-कभी beautiful during may , and it है usually cold in summer. the united states है never freezing during spring , and it है usually cold in october. she है going to the united states next spring. california है कभी-कभी pleasant during summer , but it है busy in october. the peach है her least liked fruit , but the apple है their least liked. the united states है never शांत during june , but it है कभी-कभी dry in summer. california है कभी-कभी dry during august , and it है usually pleasant in spring. paris है usually freezing during autumn , but it है usually beautiful in october. the peach है your most loved fruit , but the apple है our most loved. china है usually mild during october , but it है dry in january. india है never pleasant during july , but it है nice in february. the united states है rainy during june , and it है usually chilly in march. my favorite fruit है the mango , but his favorite है the grape. california है कभी-कभी chilly during september , but it है usually cold in october. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी warm during march , but it है hot in august. paris है usually dry during january , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in august. india है कभी-कभी dry during may , and it है rainy in summer. india है rainy during december , and it है mild in august. नई जर्सी है never cold during may , but it है usually wet in june. the lemon है his least liked fruit , but the grapefruit है their least liked. my least liked fruit है the banana , but our least liked है the apple. the peach है your most loved fruit , but the banana है his most loved. her most loved fruit है the lime , but their most loved है the pear. paris है usually शांत during may , and it है never wonderful in july. china है usually cold during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी wonderful in may. france है busy during june , but it है usually dry in february. she dislikes peaches , lemons , and limes. the banana है our favorite fruit , but the grape है their favorite. नई जर्सी है freezing during may , and it है usually chilly in spring. she disliked a rusty green automobile. paris है never dry during february , but it है शांत in august. the united states है usually wet during summer , but it है usually hot in september. you like grapes , strawberries , and peaches. india है busy during april , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in january. she likes pears , mangoes , and strawberries. china है कभी-कभी mild during may , but it है never wonderful in november. the lime है your least favorite fruit , but the strawberry है his least favorite. the banana है his least favorite fruit , but the grape है your least favorite. china है usually busy during february , but it है never beautiful in september. california है never hot during april , and it है कभी-कभी pleasant in march. we dislike mangoes , limes , and peaches. paris है शांत during summer , but it है कभी-कभी relaxing in november. france है कभी-कभी hot during june , and it है usually rainy in december. नई जर्सी है beautiful during june , but it है कभी-कभी snowy in winter. they dislike lemons , oranges , and apples. france है usually snowy during november , but it है कभी-कभी beautiful in june. my most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but your most loved है the lemon. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी dry during summer , but it है rainy in november. the grapefruit है your least favorite fruit , but the lime है her least favorite. my least favorite animals were lions. california है chilly during spring , but it है कभी-कभी nice in fall. paris है never snowy during april , and it है usually wet in february. नई जर्सी है never busy during fall , but it है never relaxing in spring. the united states है never dry during august , and it है usually शांत in summer. your most loved fruit है the strawberry , but her most loved है the lemon. he likes peaches , lemons , and oranges. india है never snowy during september , and it है pleasant in fall. the banana है my most loved fruit , but the strawberry है their most loved. france है wet during may , but it है never busy in fall. india है never beautiful during summer , and it है rainy in may. the united states है usually beautiful during july , but it है usually wet in fall. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी wonderful during july , and it है chilly in december. paris है usually mild during november , but it है usually hot in fall. india है snowy during winter , but it है usually busy in fall. his least liked fruit है the strawberry , but my least liked है the banana. your most loved fruit है the lime , but his most loved है the peach. our least favorite fruit है the grapefruit , but her least favorite है the lemon. the grape है her least favorite fruit , but the lemon है his least favorite. she dislikes bananas , strawberries , and lemons. india है never dry during spring , and it है never warm in autumn. his least favorite fruit है the grape , but your least favorite है the mango. france है never nice during june , but it है कभी-कभी chilly in winter. paris है usually beautiful during january , but it है wonderful in spring. my most loved fruit है the pear , but your most loved है the mango. she है driving that big green car. नई जर्सी है cold during summer , but it है usually busy in july. the united states है usually hot during may , but it है wet in december. california है कभी-कभी hot during february , but it है never freezing in june. she dislikes peaches , mangoes , and limes. paris है never beautiful during april , and it है कभी-कभी rainy in spring. china है usually hot during october , and it है never snowy in january. india है usually mild during winter , and it है relaxing in september. my most loved animal है that bird. california है कभी-कभी pleasant during september , but it है never relaxing in august. the apple है their least favorite fruit , but the peach है our least favorite. you like strawberries , oranges , and grapes. she है driving the big yellow car. did she go to नई जर्सी ? नई जर्सी है never wonderful during june , but it है nice in september. china है cold during june , and it है usually busy in september. the united states है usually snowy during april , and it है usually nice in autumn. china है usually busy during fall , but it है usually warm in april. he likes grapefruit , limes , and oranges. their least favorite fruit है the peach , but our least favorite है the grapefruit. france है rainy during august , and it है usually dry in september. the banana है their most loved fruit , but the apple है our most loved. paris है usually busy during june , and it है usually beautiful in fall. california है hot during april , but it है usually cold in october. the grape है his least favorite fruit , but the lemon है my least favorite. we like oranges , grapes , and peaches. india है never snowy during march , but it है usually relaxing in fall. they dislike peaches , mangoes , and grapefruit. the grape है her least favorite fruit , but the lime है your least favorite. paris है never freezing during autumn , but it है कभी-कभी wet in summer. china है कभी-कभी busy during august , and it है never rainy in march. the grapefruit है his most loved fruit , but the apple है her most loved. she disliked a rusty white car. india है never beautiful during may , but it है warm in summer. he saw the rusty black automobile. i dislike strawberries and limes. the orange है my least liked fruit , but the pear है your least liked. france है never wonderful during august , but it है pleasant in autumn. india है usually rainy during june , and it है relaxing in september. the united states है beautiful during autumn , and it है never warm in december. he dislikes grapes , strawberries , and lemons. they went to china last december. she dislikes grapefruit , mangoes , and strawberries. china है usually relaxing during winter , and it है never pleasant in march. france है never freezing during october , and it है शांत in may. france है never busy during august , but it है कभी-कभी cold in september. the mango है my least favorite fruit , but the pear है his least favorite. he है going to नई जर्सी next march. he dislikes grapes , oranges , and limes. the mango है our favorite fruit , but the grape है their favorite. the apple है their least favorite fruit , but the mango है his least favorite. their most loved fruit है the grape , but our most loved है the lime. paris है कभी-कभी pleasant during november , and it है never dry in may. china है wonderful during spring , and it है nice in february. california है wonderful during summer , but it है usually freezing in winter. india है कभी-कभी शांत during june , and it है कभी-कभी snowy in february. california है usually cold during october , and it है कभी-कभी dry in june. the pear है their least favorite fruit , but the banana है my least favorite. नई जर्सी है usually warm during october , and it है busy in winter. india है pleasant during autumn , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in march. she was driving the old black automobile. your favorite animal was this elephant. the united states है कभी-कभी pleasant during autumn , but it है never cold in august. california है कभी-कभी beautiful during august , but it है कभी-कभी wet in may. paris है mild during winter , but it है कभी-कभी hot in summer. his most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but her most loved है the apple. france है never busy during december , but it है never nice in summer. france है कभी-कभी mild during spring , and it है usually busy in august. the peach है her least favorite fruit , but the lime है their least favorite. the united states है freezing during september , and it है hot in january. he dislikes bananas , strawberries , and grapes. india है busy during may , and it है कभी-कभी chilly in autumn. california है कभी-कभी शांत during november , and it है never dry in autumn. france है never busy during winter , and it है कभी-कभी warm in summer. नई जर्सी है wonderful during december , and it है usually snowy in march. our favorite fruit है the grape , but his favorite है the banana. india है कभी-कभी warm during september , and it है कभी-कभी beautiful in spring. france है never wonderful during may , but it है never relaxing in november. नई जर्सी है कभी-कभी busy during september , and it है wonderful in may. he likes mangoes , apples , and grapes. my most loved fruit है the grapefruit , but our most loved है the banana. france है usually wonderful during spring , but it है usually relaxing in autumn. he likes limes , oranges , and strawberries. paris है कभी-कभी wonderful during may , but it है wet in october. your favorite fruit है the banana , but her favorite है the orange. paris है never शांत during may , and it है never wet in march. china है कभी-कभी dry during january , and it है never शांत in spring. the grape है your most loved fruit , but the apple है her most loved. paris है never snowy during august , and it है never chilly in fall. our favorite fruit है the grape , but their favorite है the apple. france है never wet during february , but it है never wonderful in august. india है कभी-कभी snowy during summer , but it है never freezing in september. नई जर्सी है usually relaxing during fall , and it है usually wet in june. california है never relaxing during february , but it है कभी-कभी freezing in may. the lime है their favorite fruit , but the mango है my favorite. your least favorite fruit है the strawberry , but their least favorite है the lemon. india है never mild during june , and it है usually rainy in february. paris है never beautiful during december , but it है wet in july. the grapefruit है our most loved fruit , but the peach है my most loved. paris है never wet during march , but it है कभी-कभी pleasant in august. france है never warm during january , and it है wonderful in spring. china है usually शांत during winter , but it है कभी-कभी hot in september. california है wet during september , but it है never mild in january. you dislike strawberries , mangoes , and apples. california है usually warm during july , but it है never freezing in september. china है usually rainy during spring , but it है never wet in may. india है कभी-कभी pleasant during february , and it है usually beautiful in march. he drives that rusty white car. 